---
title: Aegir_06192023_1946
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/19/2023 07:46 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5
### The Three Goats Tavern

As the party takes its long rest it is determined wise to keep watch.  During your shift you spend your time checking over your gear and your weapons. The sounds of screaming or the roar of monsters outside cease or is at least much farther off in a different part of the city.  A number of the citizens are awake with you as many find it difficult to sleep.  It is still daylight outside, quite a number of hours before night fall.  You take up a spot near the front windows to keep an eye out on the street.  All appears quiet for now.

“Hail Dwarf!” says a towering mass of an orc, as he walks over to the window to stand near you.  His voice has a deep resonance, like rocks grinding together.  His height matches that of Lance and his muscled girth fills his plated armor.  You can see a massive greatsword strapped to his back, and several weapons dangling from his belt. 

“I am Drax El Delamanus, son of Korvax, Viscount of Keldon in the Majestic Orc Kingdom of Arakan, commander of the 5th Brigade, and wielder of the Flamebrand.  I wanted to tell you how impressed I was by your fighting prowess against those monsters.  I have never witnessed a dwarf able to grow to such sizes before, it was most impressive.  May I ask, what is your name, what clan do you hail from?”

## Response from Ægir
Aegir keeps focused on checking over her belongings. Her eyes fixed forward; her ears acutely aware of the sounds the floor makes as it supports the shifting weight of the massive orc. He's standing just beyond where her peripheral sight ends, making it feel as though his position was strategic.

"Thank you, but I'm not much for conversation." Aegir replies. "Although you give away a lot when you announce yourself. Son. Viscount. Commander. Wielder." Her head bobs with a hint of sarcasm at each designation while she continues to focus on checking over her weapons and gear. 

Without warning, the orc's question brings forward a string of memories. The light below deck falls in and out of focus as lanterns swing in sync with the waves. Laughter swells and steins of ale crash against the table. Ægir and her older brother sit opposite one another at the long table where many from her clan have gathered to celebrate yet another successful raid of a small seaside village. He lifts his glass and nods his head, tilted by the slightest angle. Ægir returns the gesture, but with a broader smile while setting her free hand over the pendant which hangs from her neck. Pushing back from the table, Ægir makes her way to the steps which lead to the main deck. She climbs the stairs and breathes in deep the wet and salty air. In the dark distance at the tallest point of the main mast, she spots her clan's pennant flapping in the wind and knows she belongs.

The rattling of a chain draws Ægir's attention back to the tavern.

"My name is Ægir - and I hail from a clan that no longer wants me, nor I, them."