---
title: Aegir_01312024_1614
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/31/2024 04:14 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 15.5

Oh gods, this is not good! Standing before you is Sky Marshall Danny Talon in full golden armor and spear.  He strikes an imposing figure, his posture relaxed as if unconcerned by your drawn weapons.  His presence is that of cunning and danger, like a viper with wings.  Your anger swiftly rising like a coursing river.  Your rage ready to burst with the force or a great typhoon.  Standing behind him is perhaps the largest Aarakocra you have ever seen, matching Lance in height and girth.  The bodyguard.  Dressed in all white scale armor, wielding two swords in each hand.  The most imposing element is the hawk beaked Aarakocra helm he wears that covers his face.  A far more intimidating version of Tim.  If Tim was 7 feet tall and a hulking brute of an Aarakocra.  This is not good.

Three other soldiers, smaller in stature, but also in white, take positions near the Sky Marshall.  He takes a seat at his desk, eyeing all of you, appraising all of you.  Through the doorway to the landing pad, you can see almost 20 soldiers hovering in formation, spears and javelins at the ready.  This is not good.

The door slams shut behind you.  The unattended secretary closes and locks the door, separating Lance from the rest of the party.  You can hear shouts from behind the door as soldiers must be entering from the flight shaft.  You glanced away when the door slammed and now you turn your attention back towards the small army before you.

Only, you are now not in the frigid northern mountains of Aramark.  You are sitting in a dingy, bobbing on the ocean waves.  The sun is high in the sky, bright and warm.  The pleasant breeze blows the comforting scent of the sea air.  Instead of your armor and weapons, you are wearing simple fisherwoman trousers and tunic.  It has the familiar itchiness of salt water washed clothes made from old sail cloth canvas.  In your hands is not your morningstar but the other end of a line for a net.  Seated with you in the dingy is an elderly dwarven woman wearing similar clothing.  Her skin is aged and weathered, her long braided hair is sun bleached white.  Her arms are powerfully built and her hands show the scars of a lifetime of hauling in nets.

“Don’t just sit there Ægir, heave!” the old dwarven woman shouts at you as she starts hauling in her end of the line.  While you have not been on the waters in sometime, you start hand over hand, heaving with long years of practiced grace.  It strains your muscles at first, but you quickly fall into rhythm with the woman.

“Who are you and what is going on here?” you ask, hand over hand you heave!

“Dear, did you hit your head? You know who I am! Though I was expecting my first choice, he really isn’t listening to me right now.  But I am glad you came along to help me with this line.  Hard work it is at my age.” Hand over hand you heave!  The weight of the line indicates a good haul.  Your hands burn with that familiar sting of a life hauling on a hawser.

“What is it you want?” you ask, tentative as if realizing you might be talking to a god!  Hand over hand you heave.

“Storm’s brewing, gonna be a bad one.  There is still much work to be done and all hands are needed.”  You turn and look out towards the horizon.  You’re not sure how you missed it before but dark clouds hover all around in the distance. All your instincts scream that this will be a terrible squall.

“Can you help us?” you turn and ask the elderly dwarven woman.  Hand over hand you heave.

“We are my dear, we are.  I know it may not seem like much, but you and your crew are good folk.  Trust each other. Support one another, and know you are in this together.  We can’t get involved like we did before.  The second song does not will it so.  But we are with you and help in what ways we can.  You have a part to play in all this.  You and your crew were not thrown together by happenstance.”  You reach the end of the line and the nets rise up out of the water.  A mass breaches the surface, sending waves violently rocking the dingy.  You grab the sides to balance and look up at one massive and familiar eye.  Its skin is predominantly black with varying degrees of white on the throat, belly, flippers and flukes.  You see a familiar long scar along its sides from an old harpoon injury. You are filled with joy and surprise.

“Ondrasil…” you whisper, almost in disbelief.  It has been a long time.

“He wanted to say hi before you go…” The old dwarven woman says with a joyful smile. “You were chosen long ago Ægir.  You were fearfully and wonderfully made.  Given the skills that you and your crew needed.  You’ve all faced tragedy, so all of you might have a fighting chance.  You aren’t alone anymore my dear.  Your crew will need you and your strength when all is done. Now, fairwinds and godspeed, and oh.. keep an eye on the big lout if you can.”  The old dwarven woman smiles at you with a comforting smile.

The great humpback whale bellows a long moan of song. Its sound is deafening and heartwarming at the same time.  From its blowhole it spurts out a great geyser of water that splashes down upon you.  You blink to shade your eyes from the spray.  When you blink again you are where you were before.  Surrounded by enemies, but standing shoulder to shoulder with your friends, your crew, your adventuring party!