---
title: Aegir_03232023_1912
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/23/2023 7:12 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.5 Prompt from Norm

It is late in the afternoon.  The sun has moved past its meridian and the heat of the day is at its peak.  The dampness from the sudden summer rains leaves a thickness of moisture and humidity.  The bright light of the sun causes you to squint and shade your eyes, as you peer out into the horizon. The sight is a lush landscape and a balm to your soul.  Looking back, you see that almost everyone is in varying stages of exhaustion.  Sweat dripping from their brows as they exit the barrow.  This will be a slow march back to Fort Vilvidan.  Thankfully everyone is alive.

You help the young girls up and out of the cavern.  Kinzie holding tight to your waist, never letting go and slowly walking as you walk.  This resilient young girl has lost her village, had a harrowing journey through the countryside at the prodding of the Chuul and yet she continues to move forward.  A couple other young girls from the villages also follow close by.  They are unafraid of you, even witnessed your transformation when you raged, and now cling to you for support.  A dwarven barbarian, terror on the seas and the battlefield, and now protector of children.

As the group walks you overhear a snippet of the conversation between Komal-Re and Lady Celeste.  She mentions the Haven and it draws your attention.
“I don’t know what to do master bard.  I am afraid.  Do I continue to Haven? Can they even help me against what we witnessed?  Do I venture to Norwall and beyond to the Northern wastes to confront that monster?  Is that my destiny?  Maybe I should just say screw it and leave, head south or west and get as far away from here as I can?  I…I’m lost and I do not know the way.” says Lady Celeste with an earnest plea.