---
title: Aegir_09152023_1600
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 09/15/2023 04:00 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 11.5
### Temple District, inside Berdusk
### Komal-Re, Aegir, Lance, Living Armor, Dead Queen and Celeste

Within the temple of Mayimlim, the goddess of the seas, you find the decor of a temple seemingly at odds.  The front of the temple is decorated in colors of bright pastels and sea shells.  The scent of a sea breeze on a sunny day is ever present.  As one approaches the altar the colors grow darker in hue and more menacing.  Like a raging tempest on the open ocean, the altar seems the only safe harbor.  Mayimlim’s dual nature is evident in its subtle beauty and serenity, to its terrible and wrathful nature.

You wander the halls in search of other gear, only to come upon a side gallery of paintings and a large stone sculpture.  They are large in size, some spanning several feet in length, with a distinct style done with oil paints.  The skill of the painter is quite evident with a theme of sailing vessels on the ocean waves.  The use of big bold and definitive strokes, with sensual and poignant highlights capture a scene both terrifying and intimate.  You can remember times of great distress and the clear understanding of one's insignificance as compared to the fathomless depths.   Turning you see a statue of a standing woman dressed in a toga, holding a spear in one hand, a net in the other.  The artist portrayed the goddess as a beautiful woman.  But as you walk around the statue, catching it in different light, the eyes seem to sparkle with menace or with tranquility.

“Fascinating isn’t it?” says a voice from behind you.

You are startled from your thoughts as  you turn to find an elderly woman sitting on a bench in the corner.  She is dressed in simple garments, a shawl draped over her shoulders.  She is sun-kissed in color with ragged braids of white hair.  On her wrists are bands of copper and a necklace of twisted string, a single pearl strung at the center.  You had not noticed her when you first walked in.  Was she sitting there the whole time?

“I didn’t mean to startle you my dear.  I noticed you appreciating the statue.  I often sit here and appreciate the artwork.”

“Lady, what are you doing here?  Do you know what is going on in the city right now?  You need to get to safety?”
“Oh, I know perfectly well what is going on in the city.  But what is an old woman to do, ay.  My story may be coming to an end, if so, then I will go appreciating beauty.  What of you, what are you doing here?” asked the elderly woman.

“We’re here trying to find a cleric to raise the dead queen, before heading to Haven by the northeast King’s road.” Aegir says.  Normally more guarded with information, Aegir is unsure why she is revealing such information to a stranger.

“Oh I see, well you may be out of luck.  Much of the temple district was evacuated when the attack happened.  But time runs short, I’m sure another roving band of monsters will be coming through again any minute now.  You and your friends ought to be off.  Please remind your friend in the heavy insect armor over there that Mayimlim can be as loving as a warm sea breeze or a jealous god as a wrathful as a great typhoon.  As a child of the sea my dear, you should trust your instincts.  Make sure you and your friends are heading to safe harbor and not a lee shore.”

You turn as Komal-Re shouts an exclamation of surprise.  Turning back, the woman is gone.