---
title: Aegir_01042024_1355
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/04/2024 01:55 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 14.5

You stand with the others in a stone room.  All around you is a gathering of the enslaved and cast offs of the Aarakocra society.  Before you and the party is an ancient elf who has lived countless centuries.  Yet what draws your attention is the stonework.  Beneath this mountain, deeper than you have ever been, are the signs of your ancient ancestors, the dwarves under the mountains.  As you know your people today, they travel the world not below ground, but atop its ever flowing seas.  It’s strange to feel the ground so solid and the mountain so unmoving, unlike the pitching waves aboard a dragonship.  On the open waters the wind powers your sails and is fresh and alive, here the wind beats helplessly against the immovable mountain.  Your people left this, but why you wonder?  You think to your history but remember little as you had no head for books.  You stoop down and pick up a rock, granite you think and it reminds you of an old song your mother used to sing to you when you were but a child.

<br>
*Under the mountain, under stone,*<br>
*Toil and trial, rock and bone,*<br>
*A place of hearth, home below,*<br>
*A world of dark, and life enthroned.*<br>
<br>
*Under the mountain, under stone,*<br>
*Where secrets lie and tales are sown.*<br>
*Echoes of the earth's deep groan,*<br>
*In this place, wonders known.*<br>
<br>
*Under the mountain, under stone,*<br>
*Dwarven toil, their hammers ring,*<br>
*In the heart, this ancient place.*<br>
*Secrets lie, dangers wait.*<br>

<br>
You wish you could remember the rest of the song but it escapes you.  What secrets still lie in these ancient halls?  You turn the stone over in your hand and you find an old dwarven rune carved into the back.  You see no writing around this room.  It must have fallen from one of the upper chambers.  It’s a rune you haven't seen in some time, it simply says, ‘Home’. 
