---
title: Aegir_01302023_1628
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/30/2023 4:28 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5 - Prompt from Norm
### Aegir - A New Beginning

The journey through The Holy Dunan Empire was a trek through history.  You’ve made the trip from Dvorland a few times, but most of the cruises were raids against poorly defended towns or coastal shipping lanes.  Traveling farther inland and through the countryside allowed you to see a once glorious civilization brought low.  Towering spires in decay, majestic castles with crumbling walls, and a people defiantly holding on to their past pride.  It was like touching history as many of these structures are thousands of years old.

The dwarves have made no friends in this part of the world, with frequent raids along the coast.  You keep to the farmlands and travel by night when possible.  It’s slow going, not because of your skills, but more so that the ground is so unyielding.  Most of your life you’ve lived aboard ships and fell asleep to its rhythmic swaying motion.  You were swinging through the shrouds and the upper rigging as a youngster.  You slid down the backstays and climbed the towering main masts, never unsure of your footing.  Here on solid ground, your knees and back ache from such slow travel overland.  Even sleeping on the ground hurts you as you’re more used to the gentle sway of hammocks and the constant sounds of water lapping the sides of the hull. Is this what life permanently ashore will be like?   Unlike this crumbling civilization, you can’t cling to your past, you have no choice.

At the border’s edge you look back at the path you just travelled.  There is tranquility in the golden fields and stone paved roads, but you know you would not be safe there.  You must reach The Haven.  For that, you have to travel through the Kingdom of Aldamere.  If you can make it to Berdusk, you can find transport, and hopefully sanctuary in Ohman.  They will take you in.  You hope.

You continue along the roadway.  Less worried of discovery now that you are in Aldamere.  Dwarves are less hated here as a treaty was struck between the Uberjarl of Dvorland and the King of Aldamere.  A trading pact and peace for nearly a dozen years or so.  The travel here is easier as this is a budding new kingdom, born of the ashes of the collapsed Western half of the Dunan Imperium.  They have certainly done a far better job of maintaining the roads.

A wagon approaches.  You throw your cloak up over your head to disguise yourself as best you can.  Treaty or no, you’re still a dwarf.  The creaking sound of the wooden wheels reminds you of over taut spars straining against the wind.  It’s heavily laden by the sound of the axles lurching.

A driver calls out.  “Woah there! Woah!” The neighing of the horses indicate they are slowing, no, stopping!  You glance over your shoulder to a wagon filled with people.  The look of them is bedraggled and their faces tired and glum.

The driver looks you over and calls out, “Hey stranger, you want a lift?  We’re heading to Fort Vilvidan for the night and hoping to make it to Berdusk the day after.  There’s trouble about and the roads aren’t safe.”  You notice several of the people move closer together, making a space in the wagon.

## Response from Aegir
Initial reaction says to stay clear of strangers--especially ones who so willingly offer things to people they don't know. Could this be a setup? No. If they wanted to hurt me, they would have already--plus, they're putting themselves in danger by stopping and engaging with me. I'm hungry, and so tired, maybe taking a seated rest is a good idea. Not to mention, I'll get to Berdusk faster on wheels than my own two feet, even if it is by way of Fort Vilvidan. I'll stay alert, ready to rage, if I need to protect myself--I certainly know what kind of destruction that will bring anyone who tries to take advantage of me.

"I have nothing to exchange for a ride, but your kind offer would help me a great deal. If there's room, I will join you."

## Response from Norm
The driver gives you a tired smile, “The name’s Ubert.  No need for payment, we’re all seeking safety tonight.  Feel free to hop in and find a spot!”\

You climb up to the back of the wagon, easily a dozen people crowd the back but they graciously make room.  A human woman pulls her young daughter onto her lap to make space for you.  They are dressed in peasant rags, with dirty faces and few belongings.  The young human girl looks to be 20 to you.  Wait, you think, such short-lived creatures mature differently, the girl is more likely 6 or 7 in human years.  As you get settled the wagon lurches forward and continues its journey.  The way is smooth as the road is well maintained and the horses are taking an easy pace.

You look about the wagon and see the other humans, all women and children, relatively poor and weary looking.  The young girl’s eyes are locked on you, intently observing you as young children do.

“Where are you all from?” you ask, unsure why.

“South Farthing, a couple of days south of here,” the mother responds, a slight nod from the others in the wagon.  This is a long way away for peasants to travel, especially for so many with so few provisions in the wagon, something seems wrong.

“Our hamlet was attacked by a monster 2 nights ago, killed a dozen of our menfolk.  Ubert’s a caravanner, just returned from market when it happened.  He gathered as many of us as he could and we barely escaped with our lives,” the mother cuts off her emotionless statement and glares off at the setting sun.  A thousand-yard stare while her mind tries to process her grief.  That same stare on the faces of many of them, as you realize this is a wagon of survivors.

Time passes in silence, save only for the sounds of the clopping of the horse’s hooves on pavement and the creaking of the wagon wheels.  The sun dips below the horizon and twilight sets in.  Luckily the fort is in sight as night approaches quickly.  You stand on your bench seat and gaze off at the fort.  Your dwarven Darkvision lends you aid in seeing in this fading light.  Something looks wrong.  This looks to be more of an abandoned fort with numerous breaches in the dilapidated palisade.  This is likely being used as an old waystation.  But there are a lot of wagons at the fort.  Several are placed up against the sides of the breaches in the walls.  A number of campfires can be seen.  There must be close to a hundred people at this fort.  Why are so many people there?  What dangers and adventures await?