---
title: WholePartyRP_10302023_1528
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 10/30/2023 03:28 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 12.5
### The Capital City of Aldamere

The Kingdom of Aldamere, located in the Northern Great Plains, is a charming place.  The capital city of Aldamere has a manmade castle situated atop a large hill with the surrounding city protected by ringed walls and spires.  It borders the Serpent’s Tail River to the North and derives much of its economy on trade and river traffic.  It's ruled by the good King Alton Eckbert, whom some say has a touch of Elven blood in him, seeing as how he is close to 100 and doesn’t look a day over 60!  Queen Starlynn Eckbert is many years his junior but a handsome woman in her forties.  They have three sons and two daughters, the eldest son Kolton Eckbert, is next in line to take over and rule the kingdom.

The road march to Aldamere from Berdusk was an unpleasant one.  At first you encountered scores of people who did not make the journey.  Some who were preyed upon by monsters, others who succumbed to their wounds.  As you approach the majestic city with its tall spires and its ringed walls, its beauty is lost in the throngs and masses that block the way in.  It looks like the city is besieged by the kingdoms own citizens.  Tents have been provided and you see soldiers outside the walls doing what they can to help, but it is clear that there are far more people who need aid than the city can manage.  It is chaos, but the king seems to be doing his best to aid the once citizens of Berdusk.

The queen, walking beside you, her dress caked in mud and blood, seems to go unnoticed.  But her expression of dismay and pity is evident.  A group of soldiers spot you as you approach, one recognizing the queen.  "Your majesty!" One soldier shouts.  Several more quickly take action and approach you and your party.