---
title: WholePartyRP_06062023_1353
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/06/2023 1:53 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5
### The Three Goats Tavern

“The King, the key, and the party, hideout in a bar.” mutters Komal-Re, as his mind toys with the beginning of a verse.  More likely the punch-line to a horrible joke, he muses.

It has been several hours since the attack on the streets.  Everyone was battered and badly wounded and the call was made to hide and rest.  Countless rounds of arguments continued to flow as everyone debated about the need to keep moving, needing to escape the city, fighting the creatures, hunkering down to wait out the attack, the need to save the queen, or we must do something!  Through all the bickering the king was silent, his queen in his arms, the frailty of his age showing with the diminishing of his spirit.

More than three dozen commoners huddle in the corner. Many arriving shortly after the attack, seeking shelter in the tavern.  Rumors and what information is known is shared by the survivors, but soon fewer and fewer groups of people arrive, til no one else enters.  The street is eerily quiet, broken by the occasional far-off scream.

The stockroom is raided for supplies, cold food and drink is passed around. No fire is lit for fear of drawing the attention of monsters .  Most everyone is hurt.  Some with claw marks, bite marks, injuries from falling or exploding debris, and a plethora of trauma from the destruction of the city.  Any hope of mustering a defense to take back the city has passed hours ago.  Berdusk is lost.  Oddly though, the concentration of the attacks occurred at the castle.  The elder dragon seemed to tear the castle apart with his massive claws.  Other large monsters burrowed their way into the fortress. 
. 
The carnage, though focused at the castle, spilled over into the streets.  Monsters swarmed the gates, slaughtering all who tried to leave. The dragon’s breath attack was not a normal blast of fire or acid.  But a dense cloud of spores that infected all who passed through it.  The citizens who breathed it in, coughed, choked, died, then rose again to find others to drag into the drifting spore cloud.  All infected obeying the whims of that brain on the back of the dragon.  A city dominated by the thoughts of a supreme intellect.  All seems lost.  There’s no way out.

“What I don’t get is what they want in Berdusk? This attack makes no sense!” exclaims Tim.  Speaking to no one in particular, the question hangs in the air a moment.

“Well it’s a key port city for Aldamere, as a location, its strategic importance is vital militarily and economically to the kingdom.” added Drax El Delamanus, the Orc Viscount.

“No that’s not it! What does a massive f**king dragon brain need with a port city?  It’s not looking to invest in trade routes!” Callen says, a touch of anger in his voice.

“And why focus its attacks on just the castle?  Granted it’s important, but still?  Most of the monsters seem concentrated there.  What’s there that the brain dragon wants? Brain dragon, Cranium Dragon, Big Brain on Brad Dragon, what are we calling that thing anyways?” questioned Komal-Re.

“It must seek the pool of radiance.” whispers Lady Katrina as she begins to wake from unconsciousness.

“The what?” asks Komal-Re as everyone turns to Lady Katrina, slowly sitting up from the spot on the floor where she was resting.
“Berdusk was once an Elven city almost 3000 years ago.” says the King. 
.
His voice is deep and commanding as he strokes the face of his dead queen. His gaze never leaving her.  “It was built atop the ruins of that elven stronghold, but there is no pool of radiance.  No one has ever found one there and no elf still living even remembers.  It’s just a myth that a pool of radiance exists there.”

“What is this pool of radiance? I have never heard of such a thing.” asks Koney.

“No one truly knows for sure, as only a handful have ever been discovered throughout all recorded history.  It’s believed to be a source of pure magic, a connection to the very weave that binds us all together.  Magic that gives us our abilities.” says Lady Katrina in a weak voice, her hand massaging a bruise on her forehead.

“I don’t get it.” clicks Lance.

With a sigh, Lady Katrina collects her thoughts and takes a moment to consider how best to explain.  “All of us, in some small way, is able to do incredible things.  Even if we don’t call everything we do magic.  For example, Aegir, as a barbarian do you use magic?”

“No, I cannot.  At least not while I rage.”

“And yet your strength grows, you’re able to shrug off injury that others in your party would fall too.  You grow to immense size and are able to perform feats of strength others cannot.  How do you explain that?”

“I get angry?” Aegir says with a shrug.

“We all grow angry my dear, but none of us can do what you do.”

“I get really angry?”

Lady Katrina smiles at Aegir before turning to Tim.  “Tim, how do your attacks always seem to find that critical area that causes so much damage.  While skillful in combat, your abilities pale to Gideons or Lance Strongbottoms.  How do you always find those sneaky attacks, remain so unseen in the shadows, or move with such quiet grace? Can you perform magic?”

“I don’t know, I’m lucky?”
.
“Unlikely.  Komal-Re your words are like honey to all who hear it, while you’re not much in stature or in appearance, your words seems to inspire any you wish it too.  There are many bards throughout the kingdom but most cannot cast spells with their words. Have you trained in the arcane arts like a wizard?”

“What are you getting at Lady Katrina?” asks Komal-Re.

“What I am getting at, is that magic is in everything and is everywhere.  It flows through us and we each use it in different ways to do what we do.  Some channel it to heal.  Others shape it into open flames or divine smites.  While others manipulate it to grow stronger, faster, more cunning or more persuasive.  All around us is the magic that binds us.  The song of Urim flows like water through everything.  It touches everything and is everywhere.  And in certain locations, that magic pools together like water.  Pure magic.”

“I still don’t get it.” says Lance.

“What would that thing want with it? What could it do with it?” Komal-Re asks.

“I do not know what that Elder Brain Dragon wants with it…”

“Ooh, that’s a good name, sorry, please continue.” says Komal-Re sheepishly.

“I do not know if that is what it is truly after, but there have been countless rumors that castle Berdusk was built atop an old elven fortress that guards a pool of radiance.  If it is there, and the dragon finds it, then it would have near infinite power and a connection to every living being under the stars.”  A silence falls as everyone takes in the gravity of Lady Katrina’s words.

“Except there is no pool beneath Berdusk!” says the King, his voice growing more firm with confidence. “My men have explored some of the old ruins, and have found nothing of the sort.  No elf from that time is still alive that could tell us either!”

“That is not entirely true.” says Lady Katrina.  “There is one but only Alfi knows where to find her.”

“Who is this ancient elf?” asks Drax El Delamanus.

“Vanané, Andardsil’s daughter.”