---
title: WholePartyRP_04172023_1357
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 04/17/2023 01:57 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 7.5
<br>
The stables are on fire!  Tongues of flames cast an eerie red glow, as black billowing smoke rise ever higher into the night sky.  The burning manure producing an odious stench.  An alarm bell tolls, as nearby people cry out, “Fire! Fire!”  The mysterious woman with the purple robes is gone.  Her two warriors, dead and burning within the stables.  She has left you with the results of this disaster.  The sounds of the fire brigade making their way up the streets.  Not even a single night in the city and already things have gotten out of hand.  A threat from beyond this world and tragedies from the group’s past come bubbling to the surface.
<br><br>
Lance stares off in the direction in which the woman made haste.  That flicker of recognition during the battle, turning to denial.  That could not have been his long lost sister, kidnapped by cultists, only to become one?  Was that truly her? She looked so different.  Yet so does he. With the armor’s visor down, the confusion on his face is hidden.

Vola Almae comes running out of the The Three Goats tavern.  Anger and tears mixed together as she shouts for the fire brigade to hurry.  But it is already too late, the stable has quickly turned into a blazing inferno from all the dry hay acting as kindling.  The flames hungry for more threaten to engulf the buildings nearby.

Four men come running with large water jugs unstoppered.  Water splashing all about.  Like a battle line readying for a cavalry charge they stand poised, unwavering before the blazing inferno.

“Alright lads, let it rip!” yells the lead firefighter.  Water shoots out like a geiser from each of the jugs.  A powerful stream of unending water soaking the stable and pushing back on the blaze.  It takes several minutes but the fire brigade is slowly able to contain and control the flames.  The building and all its contents are lost.

With the flames under control and the area smelling of smoke and burnt horse manure, the summer night grows chill.  Callen reaches into his pocket and finds a note there.  Someone somehow slipped a note into his pocket without him noticing.  Looking down at it, it gives the address to a place in Berdusk, the symbol of a diamond the only marking.  The thieves guild!  Callen looks up and catches the attention of Tim, who nods with understanding.

This may be a long night. 
