---
title: WholePartyRP_09112023_1524
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 09/11/2023 3:24 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 11.5 Part 1
### Setting: Western Forest Outside of Berdusk
#### Tim, Callen, Koney

No more than a few miles just outside of Berdusk, the refugees gather.  The focus of the monsters seem squarely centered in town.  The elder brain dragon, coiled around the center spire of the castle is visible from this distance.  What was once a band of no more than a 100 refugees from Myrtle is now a couple thousand survivors from the attack on Berdusk.  With so many people, one would expect more chaos.  But with the aid of the people of Myrtle, this ragtag band is in some semblance of order. What the townsfolk of Myrtle have gone through has given them steel in their spines.  Strength enough to be the rock on which the people of Berdusk have rested on.

Off to the northern part of the camp you see Agnes the healer tending to the wounded.  While you may have gotten some rest, it appears she has not.  Her bearing shows her weariness from aiding so many hurt and dying.  A triage station and ordered rows of wounded lay on cut straw.  Assisting her are some of the folk of Myrtle.  You spot Olive dressed in her usual beige and brown dress, her work apron tied around her waist.  An apron once stained with ale, now soiled with a much darker crimson liquid.  Pearl is beside her, wringing out blood stained bandages in a bucket of water.  She too appears tired and worn from a night caring and tending to the wounded and dying.

To the south of the camp you see the remnants of the city watch, and various able-bodied men.  Most are carrying crude implements for weapons with the occasional heirloom sword scattered amongst them.  One might expect that the guards, without their officers, would be lost or aimless.  Yet standing around a makeshift table you spot Jibby the powerfully built tavern owner and Kergan the blacksmith.  Now they are the leaders of the guards, giving orders and directions.  You spot a number of hastily erected defenses and various squads on watch.

To the West, farthest from the city,  you spot the wagons of Myrtle, accompanied by scores of other wagons and carts.  Most are loaded with supplies or turned into transport for the wounded, the elderly, and the women and children.  It appears they are preparing to flee west and north along the kings road.  With so many wounded and so many mouths, the journey would be impossible for so many.  Louann, Jibby’s wife, is barking commands like a seasoned teamster, organizing the folk into action and order.  Aiding her appears to be a large brain floating in a large glass jar.  Perched on top the shoulders of two ogre zombies, the brain appears to be controlling a small group of zombies in tailored suits, moving with the rapidity of workers given respect and a generous employee benefits package and matching retirement plan.

To the East, closest to the city, are the elves and half-elves of Aldamere.  If you thought Alfi and her band were a sorry lot, you were mistaken.  The elves of Berdusk were dressed in rags held together by threadbare string.  Most walk around barefoot or in the boots of the recently deceased.  At first glance you would think the horrors of the day is what caused this, but you see that most of them were already malnourished and scrawny looking.  Once so mighty, they are a far cry from even being shadows of their former selves.