---
title: WholePartyRP_03302023_1911
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/30/2023 7:11 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.55 Prompt from Norm
### Scene: Along the path back to Fort Vilvidan
**Random Encounter:  Dan rolled a 9**

The party continues it slow march back to the fort.  The exhaustion is evident with the sound of each shuffled step.  It is Lucian that spots the danger first.  A sound unlike anything normal.  A tremulous slurping sound that at first sounds far away but grows ever louder with each passing moment.  The whole party comes to a halt at the base of a rolling hill.

Debate sets in among the party, what to do, who should go check it out.  Should we all hunker down to hide? Should we face the danger head on?  By the time the party comes to a decision, a massive shadow is cast as a creature crests the hill!  It has a huge spherical shell the size of a barn.  Protruding from the shell is a slime covered creature with two massive eye stalks.  It's a snail.  A giant snail!  The creature is so large that it's shadow engulfs all of you as it slithers its way towards the party.  Sitting atop the snail is a young man in uniform, whistling a tune.  He spots you only after one of the children scream in terror.

"Whoa there!" the young man yells out as he pulls on a pair of thin reins connected to the eye stalks.  The massive snail comes to a halt.

"Sorry about that folks, just on my rounds delivering the kings messages.  The names Cliff, and this here is my good buddy Norm.  Say! Any of you here named Komal-Re?"

Komal-Re, in a rare moment of speechlessness raises his hand.  Never removing his eyes from the towering snail.
.
"I've got a letter here for you.  Hang on one sec!" The postal carrier reaches into his satchel.  The satchel slung over his shoulder is no larger than small backpack, yet his arm reaches deep down, up past his biceps as he searches for the letter.  At last he pulls it free, a great big smile on his face with the accomplishment.

"Here you go!  From someone named Olga."  The letter gently floats down to you and into your hands.  "Well I must be off, you all have a marvelous evening!" The young man jingles the reins and the giant snail continues its rounds.  Nothing standing in its way or preventing it from completing its duty.  Neither rain nor snow nor heat or gloom of darkness shall stay them from their appointed rounds.

Komal-Re opens the letter.  Olga the barmaid sends her best wishes. 

## Response from Komal Re
**Olga's Letter to Komal Re**

My dearest KR,

My father has given us permission to marry! Isn't that the best news? I cried for days when I couldn't find you but then I realized that my father must have really scared you. His bark is pretty bad but I promise that he doesn't hit as hard as you think. Normally, my boyfriends don't even feel it once they pass out.

Once you hear this news, I am sure you'll return to me. Because, if not, my father will come bring you back to me.

love, Olga