---
title: CallenMarks_06192023_1954
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/19/2023 07:54 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5 - Prompt from Norm
### The Three Goats Tavern

As the party takes its long rest it is determined wise to keep watch.  During your shift you spend your time checking over your gear and your weapons.  It is still daylight outside, quite a number of hours before night fall.  You find yourself in the larder of the kitchen, filling your pack with rations and grabbing a bite out piece of cold chicken.

A young boy of perhaps six or seven in age stands in the doorway staring at you.  The chicken drumstick between your teeth.  He has a vacant expression on his face.  His clothes dirty and tattered.  He's scrawny and clearly malnourished.  A street urchin for sure.

“Are you Callen Marks?” the young boy asks.

Odd you think, you’ve never met this kid.  How does he know your name?  Your instincts scream danger, a psionic dagger ready to form in an instant.

“What do you want kid?”  you say, turning to get a better angle for a throw if you need to.

“The boss said to come find you and Tim.  The hit is off he says.  He has a ship and is leaving tonight if you two want a ride out.”  says the kid as he turns to leave, his message delivered.

## Response from Komal Re
Callen! We have a problem. That monster is looking for Lady Celeste with its mind! She said it's going to find her soon. Once it does, we're sitting ducks. We gotta leave. We gotta get everyone out of here.
