---
title: CallenMarks_08052022_2350
layout: default
---

# 08/05/2022 11:50 PM
## Prompt from Norm
 
“Damn it!” you shout, tossing a mug against the wall, ceramic pieces flying.  It wasn’t supposed to go down like this.  You had everything planned perfectly.  You had the patrol routes. The timing of the shift changes. The keys to the shipment lockers.  You had everything down!  You just needed a crew for this heist and the only ones interested turned out to be murderous scum.

There is a knock at the door, then three more.  The signal.  Jameson walks in, his cloak drawn around him, the hood held low.  But as he closes the door behind, he throws back the hood to reveal a handsome man the same age as yourself, his curly red locks like flames.

“Callen you’ve stepped in it this time!” Jameson starts in on you.

“I know I know, everything went to shit!  That guard was supposed to be on patrol not snoozing in the backroom.”

“So you killed him!” Jameson’s eyes search mine, probing for the truth.

“It wasn’t me, it was Crow.  The dumb bastard always has a taste for blood.  Instead of just knocking the guard out, he gutted him. It was so fast, I didn’t have time to stop him, I swear!  After that I got out of there as fast as I could, this whole mess is on him.”

“You put me in a bad spot Callen.  The whole damn city watch is up in arms.  That guard was a retired watchman, getting a few extra coins for what was supposed to be an easy gig.” Jameson says, pulling back his cloak to reveal his city watch badge pinned to his tunic.

“Damn it all!” you yell out, frustrated by the situation.  Jameson is your oldest friend, surviving the orphanage together.  He went the route of the City Watch, you went the route completely opposite.  But even though he knows what you do, he’s always had your back.

“There’s nothing I can do Callen, if they catch you they’ll hang you.  You have to leave town tonight.  Here, take this.”  He hands you a pouch of coins, probably a dozen silvers at most, a month’s wages for him if not his life's savings.
.
“I can’t take that Jameson.”

“You can and you will.” He grabs my hand and forcefully pushes the pouch into my palm.

“This is the best I can do, now please, just go. Ever since we were kids I’ve been looking out for you brother, but I can’t after this.  And I can’t stand by and watch you hang either.”

I grip the pouch tightly, my head bowed in respect of his sacrifice.  “Jameson, thank you.” I say in a quiet whisper.

“You can thank me by hopefully making something of yourself.  There’s a caravan bound for Berdusk leaving tonight.  Be on it.”

“I will.” 

“Take care brother.” He gives me a firm hug, then turns to leave.  I am left holding a pouch of silvers in exchange for an old friend.  I grab only what I can carry, leaving behind everything else.  A fresh start, a new beginning.