---
title: CallenMarks_02212023_1645
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 02/21/2023 4:45 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 5.5 Prompt from Norm
### Fort Vilvidan

The adventurers gather to leave the townsfolk behind in search of the kidnapped young girls.  The mayor, heeding the persuasive counsel of the halfling agreed to set out for Berdusk as soon as possible.  Agnes the healer offered her services and healed the wounds of the party.

Your mind is made up.  “I’m going!” you declare to the others.  You dain to wait long enough for Agnes to finish bandaging the wounds of the others before you sling your pack over your shoulders.  The monsters already have a head start, it’ll be a challenge to keep pace.  Luckily they’re not hiding their tracks.

“Is it true! You’re going after them!” A booming voice, born of a life tending a noisy bar and needing to make known the last call.  Jibby strides over, a cut on his brow and a limp to his step.  His large form matches that of Lance and his countenance fierce.

“They took my daughters Olive and Pearl, I’m going with you!” declares Jibby, a massive cleaver stained with monster blood in his hand.  He towers over you and you have to strain your neck back in order to look him in the eyes.  A meaty finger pokes you in the shoulder.  The force nearly knocks you over.  His anger fierce.

“Like hell you are Jibby, not on that leg!” declares Agnes.  “Now come here and sit down, let me take a look at you before you bleed out all over the place.”

“I’ll be fine Agnes.  The mayor told me you lot want us to head out.  Like hell we are, I’m not leaving without my daughter.”  He looks unstable on his feet.  The gash on his leg is still bleeding.  The look of fury in his eyes is terrifying, but he is in no shape to travel through the countryside with you, he’d only slow you down.  Though you look back at where he came to see a number of dead monsters.  You do not want to get on this tavern owner’s bad side.

## Response from Callen
“Jibby…” Callen says slowly while pointing to Jibby’s leg.

“I don’t doubt your strength, or your resolve, but that leg is still bleeding and there is no way you’ll be able to keep up with our pace.”

“THEY TOOK MY DAUGHTERS! Damn my injuries! I’m going”, roared Jibby, barely able to contain himself.

“And what happens when you can’t keep up with us?” Callen said quietly. “Are we supposed to slow down, or wait for you? How much further ahead will the girls get ahead of us?”

*<Callen’s DND Beyond Persuasion Roll 12>*

Jibby fumes as he considers Callen’s words.

“I know it’s no comfort, but I’m forcing this group to leave before we can even patch our wounds. We’re injured from the attack and leaving this quickly is incredibly rash. But I’m not going to let Olive and the others just be taken!”

“Why should I trust you to get my girls?!”

Callen lowers his voice even more as he looks around him quickly.

“Trust me when I say I have nothing. I have nothing to gain from going after those girls. Everything you see on me is what I have. Then Olive gave me this.”

Callen holds up the Medallion of Meat Pie in between his thumb and index finger.

“This is the only thing I have that is worth anything to me, and Olive gave it to me. So please believe me when I say that I will get her, Pearl, and 
the other girls back. I promise. Now let us go.”

Callen steadies himself. He wished his head would stop hurting. He wished he hadn’t been so rash with forcing the group to leave immediately. It’s time to stop making foolish decisions, but now they need to leave.