# 12/18/2022 11:31 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5 Prompt from Norm

You stand at the entrance to the ruined fort, gazing out at the wine dark trees.  One of many entrances really as there are numerous breaks in the walls.  Several wagons have been braced against them with a group of villagers at each wagon. It’s a moonless night and even though the camp has started multiple campfires, only you and your darkvision can pierce the darkness.

But with all your “gifts” from your elven heritage, you see nothing from the woods.  Your mind fighting you, focusing instead on the events of the day.  From the moment your blade plunged into that elf, the look of gasping astonishment on his face, to your arrow loosed from your bow at the slave scouts.  The events replay themselves over and over in your mind.

“Meatpie for your thoughts?” says a young girl who stands behind you, a warm and savory scented meat pie in her hands  You must have been deeply lost in thought for you not to have noticed this young girl behind you.

“I’m sorry to have startled you.  I just thought you might be hungry and ma just made some for supper.  I’m Olive, Jibby and Louann’s daughter.” says Olive, her words coming out quickly from embarrassment.

“From Honeydew Tavern right, yes I remember.  Thank you Olive.” you take the proffered meat pie, your stomach on the verge of growling simply from the scent.

“Oh, It’s no problem.  The least we can do.  I wanted to say thanks and well I.., I was um…I was nearby you when I saw you fire your bow at that elf.” she briefly glances at your ears but quickly looks away so as not to offend.  “I guess I wanted to ask um…to ask…”

“You want to ask why I did it?” A touch of anger in your voice quiets her.

“Yes.” she says meekly.

## Response
“I suppose that is a fair question.”

The smell of the meat pie is distracting Callen. All he wants to do is shove it in his face. Other than a ration at the beginning of the day, he hasn’t had anything else to eat today. Callen does his best to remember his manners despite the overwhelming urge to eat with abandon.

“We discovered that half the villagers that went ahead were held captive by the elves in a hidden storeroom in the fort. We surprised the elves and two of them shot us. We wounded two of them badly, but the harengon managed to save them. After that, I arrived in the main courtyard of the fort to warn the rest of the villagers, but there was already a riot started. I doubt anyone would have listened to the half-elf that the elves meant no harm. So rather than try and calm a mob of scared villagers, I decided to eliminate the perceived threat to gain favor with the villagers.”

Olive is taken aback by how cold Callen sounds as he explains his decision making. Even though she can understand the futility of trying to calm a mob, killing escaped elvish slaves who posed little threat to the adventurer seems beyond callous. 

“In the past I’ve fancied myself as a planner, someone who could move people and events to profit off the of situation. However, all my plans were very small time, and my last one was such a disaster that my oldest friend sacrificed almost everything to get me out of the city. I realize now I’m more of an opportunist. The only thing I can do in all these situations is to do the best I can to get out alive.”

Olive frowns at Callen. “That’s a very cold way to look at things. You feel nothing for the elven lives you were going to take?”

Callen casually finishes the meat pie and shrugs his shoulders.

“I suppose I could, but their lives aren’t very envious. The prejudice I’ve faced and will continue to face far outweigh theirs. While they currently have nowhere to go, it’s something I’ve been used to since childhood.”

Olive sadly shakes her head. “Perhaps you do look for opportunities, but it seems only in bad situations. You could have one right now. With nowhere to go, why not use this to learn more of your background, the elvish culture. Your culture.”

Callen snorts, “They aren’t my culture. I belong to neither human nor elf.”

Callen turns away from Olive. He tries his best to hide the pain on his face. 

## Response from Norm
Callen snorts, “They aren’t my culture. I belong to neither human nor elf.”

Callen turns away from Olive. He tries his best to hide the pain on his face.  But not a moment passes before he feels a hand on his shoulder firmly grasping him and turning him back around.  Before Callen can react or utter a cutting word, Olive kisses him.

Like a spell of immense power, everything everywhere seems to stand still except for the rapid beating of one’s heart.  The connection is only a brief moment, awkward and adorable, fuel thrown onto dying embers.  It’s not erotic and passionate, but loving and pure. It cuts into Callen like a knife to the soul.  That momentary embrass is broken and she places both hands on either side of Callen’s face.  Her hands are gentle yet firm.  The warmth of them on his chilled skin is the feeling of life.  Callen’s mind thinks of a dozen ways to escape, all ideas more violent and gruesome than the next, yet they all fall away as she locks her eyes with him.

There is something powerful when two people lock eyes with each other.  Often people look away instinctively for to do otherwise is too intense.  Some theologians, philosophers, and arcanists say it is a connection of souls and a glimpse into each others spark of life.  Callen sees his reflection in her large green eyes and hers in his.
.
“Now you listen to me, and you listen good!  We are not some figment of someone’s imagination to be so callously played with and abandoned.  We were created for more than mere survival.  We were created for connection, for community, for a purpose.  The grand tale is still being told and each of us have a part to play, whether it’s big or small.  But that part is not played alone in the dark.  You say your neither man nor elf, well I disagree!  You are both! The best parts and gifted with more than either one alone.  You can understand what I cannot of their kind and you can understand what they cannot of mine!  Do you understand me?  Now if you look around, you’ll notice that the people in your life, no matter if they make you happy or disgusted, is something special.  Your party is something special.  Cherish it for what time you have.  For when the grand tale is all told, is this how you want your story to be?”

She releases Callen and he can feel the lingering warmth of her hands on his face.  She reaches down into her pocket and takes out a small wooden disc the size of a gold coin, placing it into his palm.  She closes his fingers around it, both her hands wrapped around his.  Another connection that stuns him.

“Stop back in to Honeydews for half off your next meat pie and a free recharge when you present your loyalty disc!” Olive says, with the warmest of smiles and a practiced cheerfulness.

She looks back into Callen’s eyes again, reestablishing that powerful connection, and with a gentleness she utters, “And You will always be welcome.”

She lets go of his hand, smiles, turns and walks away.  Her hair swaying in the night breeze, her dress swishing as she walks away.  Her scent is replaced with the scent of a freshly baked pie crust.  Callen looks down at the disc in his hand, slightly warm to the touch.  The inscription reads, ‘Medal of Meat Pie.  Honeydew loyalty disc.  Stop by for a free recharge.’
.
OOC: You receive the common magic item, Medal of Meat Pie.