---
title: CallenMarks_09212023_1103
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 09/21/2023 11:03 AM
## Post from Thad

Callen’s smile drops from watching Tim’s reveal and subsequent fall with style from the tower. He didn’t know what he expected when the idea was formed to get to the refugee camp of Myrtle. He let out an audible sigh of relief at the sight of Olive, Pearl, and Jibby. They could have been terrified and confused over the recent events, but instead had gathered and saved refugees from Berdusk. They set out to Berdusk with hopes of safety and only endured more terror since. He also didn’t like the idea of having to see the elves again or splitting their group. He couldn’t pass up the opportunity to see Olive. It might be the last time he ever sees her.

“Callen!” Olive’s initial surprise at seeing Callen walk up is tempered by the sight of Tim. “What is happening with the city and the giant dragon? And who is that?”

“That’s Tim. He decided to spread his wings. Literally and figuratively.”

“How can you be so droll right now?”

“Because we are still going back to the city walls to meet up with Komal Re, Lance, and Aegir. We can’t leave with you.”

“You aren’t going to try and fight that dragon, are you? Or save the city? At this point, I don’t think there is anything that can be done without the entire realm’s help.”

“No. You’re right. We can’t fight the dragon or save the city. The city is lost. The king fled the city with his guards and the orc forces. But we can help the king revive the queen. She was mortally wounded in the first attack. That’s where the others are. The hope is to revive her at one of the temples. We’re going to meet them at the walls on the other side of the city as soon as Koney speaks to the elves about something. The dragon is hoping to find a well of magic under the city. The king swears it isn’t there, but even if it is, it’s providing us the opportunity to rally.”

Olive lowers her voice, “You’ve already decided to do something, haven’t you?”
“I have. Lady Celeste needs to get away from the Haven. She has a greater purpose here that I haven’t unraveled yet. I’m also worried about Komal Re. He has made it his mission to follow Lady Celeste through it all. It’s almost like he is called by something else but is focusing on the lady right now.”

“Those two don’t worry you as much as you let on. I can tell. It’s just a theory for you. Something to keep an eye on.”

Callen smirks. “How did you come to read me so well?”

“Well? What is it?”

“Tim and I had a meeting with the leader of the guild in Berdusk. The leader alluded to Jameson being caught and held by the Waterhaven guard.”

Olive gasps. “But you can’t do anything about that! You promised Jameson to get out.”

“I did. But he told me he couldn’t watch me hang for the things I did. I won’t see him hung either.” Callen narrows his eyes to slits. He didn’t trust that bastard Berdusk guild leader. He tried to get them on a boat under the guise of safety. That boat wasn’t safe passage. He was going to turn all of them in for profit.

“You won’t try and save him, will you?”

Callen stiffens. “I don’t see an opportunity to right now. But that doesn’t mean I won’t If I see the slightest chance to do so”.

Olive sighs. “Do you still have the disc I gave you?”

“I do”. Callen digs the medallion out of his pocket. “Ever since we went to bring you and the others from that giant eye it’s lost the warmth it first had”.

“I told you to stop by and we’ll recharge it!” Olive says brightly, as if there was no other care in the world. Her sunniness in the face of everything else comforted Callen. It wasn’t anything he was used to. “Since I don’t know when I’ll see you again, I’m going to tell you the phrase to recharge it. You’ll be able to do it once per day”.
“Don’t.”

“Don’t? What are you talking about?”

“I want you to recharge it for me”. Callen lowers his head. “When I return.”

“Callen, you can still do that.” Olive lifts Callen’s head so that their eyes meet. “Use this to your advantage. When things are bad, when things are dark, and especially when things are quiet. Hold it. The warmth will ground you. The thought and memory will settle you. What you’ve decided to do, you’ll need it. It’ll keep you safer than the isolation did when you were a child. You thought that was armor. This will be better. It will be life.”

Olive leans in to whisper the word to Callen. Time slows for Callen. He looks forward without seeing. Remembering Olive’s warmth, her voice, her breath on his ear. He focused so he could remember everything about this moment. The city streets taught him how to be cold, how to be alone, how to survive. It’s why he was still alive. If he was to take on these tasks before him, he needed something greater to keep him moving forward, to keep on fighting. Hope.
