---
title: CallenMarks_01032024_1101
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/03/2024 11:01 AM - Prompt from Norm
## Campaign 4 Session 14.5

Vananae is alive.  A full blooded elf.  The most ancient of your kind.  Well half anyways.  Even Alfi is on her knees in reverence.  Just being in her presence is like standing before history.  The others are talking about doing something foolish with the Aarakocra but that doesn’t concern you.  What Vananae is doing is far more important.

She glances at you as though she can read your thoughts.  She meets your gaze and in a blink you are alone with her in a vast wilderness.  The colors, sounds, scents, all appear more vibrant than any woods you have ever been in.  You see a majestic oak tree, whose trunk is wider than the span of a hundred elven arms.  Its branches spiral ever higher into the sky and seems to scrape the underbelly of the clouds.  There are golden banners on all the branches and enclaves of elves gathered on every bough.  There is the feeling of joy as a golden ray of light breaches the canopy and shines down to reveal free people.  You realize this is her memory.

“We were once the greatest and most powerful of all the races.  How do you young ones say it.  We were the coolest!” Vananae says, a smile gracing her face, making her seem even more beautiful if that were possible.

“The other races, like the humans thought we were gods.  We outlived them all by centuries and had grace they could not match.  We cultivated art and magic.  We made music and arms.  We were one with the world and masters of it.  We were given the task by the Vera to watch over all the children of Urim. And we failed.”

“I know the story of your father, and how Mordwen tricked him.”

“Yes, while much of the details are lost, save for what lay within my memories.  My father did start the crisis we now face.  I have been fighting this fight all my life to set the world right again.”

“I want to help.  I don’t care about the others and what they want, this is too important.”

“I believe you young one.” she says with an air of wisdom. “Do you know how the elves fell?”

You think for a moment, recollecting your knowledge of history. “They fought amongst themselves and became too weak to stop from being invaded.” 

“That is only partially right.  I was there at the council of ages.  A great gathering of the all the free folk.  The humans were there, as were the dwarves and the orcs.    I remember it as it was yesterday.  Mordwen and his minions were gathering.  Mordwen had with him a horde of monsters and dragons that threatened to swallow the world.  The dwarves wanted to hide under their mountain strongholds.  The humans and orcs were ready to fight. And the elves were undecided…”

“Wait! What? History says the elves abandoned the humans in that war against Mordwen.  You couldn’t convince them to fight?”

“Oh I convinced them alright.  I convinced them to abandon the alliance.”

“What! Why?”

“Because my mission came first.  My clan and my people may live long lives, but children are very scarce.  For every elf there are thousands of humans.  We were tasked with safeguarding this world and I needed to fix what my father broke.  Wasting our kind in a war would only spill more elven blood.  My words divided us.  Instead of unifying our people and working with the humans, we splintered and divided.  We warred amongst ourselves and our kingdom came crashing down.  So like father like daughter.  With my words I broke us.  When we should have stood by our allies, we left and continued to squabble amongst ourselves.  When we could have stood with our allies, we shrank away and were never united again.  Take what lesson as you may from this young one, the choices you make have consequences.

With that you find yourself in the circle once more, discussing the possibilities and Vananae giving you a knowing glance.

## Response from Callen Marks
Callen was growing impatient. If he hadn’t taken the opportunity to escape, they would still be in the dungeons, just waiting for execution. You always consider the chance to escape when presented. Even if it meant killing that guard. The others didn’t know. You must do what you can to survive. There was no certainty that they would have been exiled to the pits once Tim’s uncle found out Tim was in Aramark and a prisoner. They would all be killed, painted as intruder trash, and forgotten. 

It was only by sheer luck they had found Vananae. And now it seems they had forgotten why they were here. Aramark was lost. A puppet ruler with a corrupt military. They would be no help to Aldamere. While the help would have been preferred but it would have to come from other alliances. That was for the King to deal with. The opportunity to get ahead of this brain dragon was standing right before them and with Celeste in tow, they might be a step ahead instead of playing catch up.

“How can finding the next portal not be the greater cause?”, thought Callen. Tim was growing more and more agitated the longer they were in Aramark. Callen couldn’t see the point. He owed the citizens of Aramark nothing.

Vananae breaks Callen’s train of thought as she meets his gaze with one of her own.

After a beat, Callen breaks his gaze from Vananae. What she was conveying to him should seem like madness. But what if they could pull it off? It’s time to test Tim’s meddle. If Tim really wanted to go through with this, he would have to do more to convince Callen. They would be passing up Vananae’s plan and putting Celeste in further unnecessary danger to have nothing change within Aramark.

“Tim, I need to hear why Aramark is worth more than the path Vananae is proposing. It can’t just be the potential ally to Aldamere. Aldamere and the other kingdoms will fall if this brain dragon achieves the goal of more power.”

## Response from Tim McCaw
Tim, while working on something in the corner, turns hid head towards Callen and with dead cold eyes, "It's not and you're absolutely right. You should convince everyone to go with Vananne and close the portals. This isn't your fight and the rest of you are the only hope of saving the world". Just as quickly, Tim turns and continues workings silently, turning his back on Callen and everyone else there.