---
title: CallenMarks_03232023_1913
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/23/2023 7:13 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.5 Prompt from Norm

It is late in the afternoon.  The sun has moved past its meridian and the heat of the day is at its peak.  The dampness from the sudden summer rains leaves a thickness of moisture and humidity.  The bright light of the sun causes you to squint and shade your eyes, as you peer out into the horizon. The sight is a lush landscape and a balm to your soul.  Looking back, you see that almost everyone is in varying stages of exhaustion.  Sweat dripping from their brows as they exit the barrow.  This will be a slow march back to Fort Vilvidan.  Thankfully everyone is alive.

You help Olive out of the cavern.  Your arm around her waist as you aid her in taking the weight off a twisted ankle that is slowing her down.  She must have sustained it during the forced march by the Chuul.  She has her arm wrapped around you for support, her head leaning into your chest.

“Thank you Callen.  Thank you for coming for us.” she whispers softly.  The exhaustion evident in her voice.   Her hair matted to her forehead from sweat and the heat.  Pearl isn’t much better but nods in agreement.

Your focus is upon this frail young girl in your arms.  It’s anchoring you to the here and now, rather than the terrible visions and pain of the beholder’s mental intrusion.  You glance at Komal-Re, who glances back from his conversation with Lady Celeste.  Those visions of a gargantuan dragon.  Some abominable brain monster on its back controlling it.  Hordes of terrible monsters.  Your thoughts drift to those visions, threatening to engulf you.  A whimper from Olive as a misstep causes her ankle to send shooting pain up her leg.  It pulls you from that abyss as you adjust your grip to ease more of her weight off her ankle. 

## Response from Callen Marks
“I’m sorry, Olive. I’m not doing a very good job as a crutch.”

“I’ll be fine, Callen. I want to get away from that thing as fast as possible. What was that?”

“I don’t know exactly. What I did discover is, while it was responsible for the attacks on the village, it’s ultimately not the greatest concern. It shouldn’t come after you again.”

Callen keeps the vision of the controlled dragon to himself. He didn’t want to traumatize the women any more than they already were.

Callen lowers his already quiet voice, “Olive, you didn’t need to thank me for coming to your aid. I owe you that and much more for opening my eyes to some of the things around me. I’d love nothing more than to see you and your family safely to Berdusk, and one day to the Honeydew. When we left the fortress to come after you, I ignored all reason to leave as quickly as possible. You can see the toll it took on our party.”
Olive looks around. The scream of “STROOOOOOOONGBOTTOM!” break through the various conversations between the groups. While the girls that were taken are in rough shape, Lady Celeste and Kergan showed the terrible effects of the fast pace that was taken during the rescue. Sluggish, shoulders hunched, with eyes closing on occasion to exhale deeply, like it was the first easy breath they’ve had in days.

“I owe this group for letting me act so hasty in your rescue. Especially Komal Re. He supported me when there were major concerns from the rest. He means to see Lady Celeste and Lady Katrina to Berdusk, and perhaps further. I can’t say I deserve the support and friendship he has shown me. Making friends is not one of my skills. When I left Aldamere, I lost the only true one I had. He urged me to make something of myself. I suspect that with this motley crew, I’ll be able to do that. At each turn they’ve surprised me with resourcefulness and courage.”

“Callen, I’m glad you see what I did, that this could be a truly special group.”

Callen knew that it was soon time to share the vision he and Komal Re had with the rest of the adventures. Whatever they were running to or from, fate had brought them together. Whatever they decided to do, for Callen, it was time to make one of those decisions that he prided himself 