---
title: CallenMarks_02082023_1454
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 02/08/2023 2:54 PM
## Response to Previous Thread

Callen wasn’t sure if the heat in his body was from Medal of Meat Pie, Olive’s kiss, or Olive’s words.

He turned the medal around in his hands, feeling the grooves of the inscription while slowing his breathing. He did everything he could to not look in Olive’s direction.

He was protecting himself when he said he had no desire to learn anything further about the elves. He always had to protect himself. If you got too comfortable on the streets, too uncomfortable with petty theft to keep yourself alive, then you would never survive. Not in the streets, not in a children guild.

He wonders if the reason why he could always stay a step ahead of circumstances wasn’t this ability to plan ahead or see all the angles. He could see things before they happened. He thinks he always could. His abilities became stronger after he begin this exodus from Aldamere, particularly after the last fight in the town. As if the adrenaline and terror from the fight had fully awakened them. He had used it to find the tripwire in the tunnel earlier that day. He could see that while searching for something would have resulted in either not finding the wire or even tripping it if he had not been able to predict his failure. He feels he can even do more with this energy. He thinks he could even use the energy to strike an enemy, almost if it was a blade…

Could it be that these powers, or even “gifts” as Olive called them, were a result of his elvish heritage? Where would he be if not for the ability to see in the dark, the alertness, or the acrobatic grace that helped him survive countless times?

He looked in the direction of the refugee elves.

He didn’t need his psychic abilities to see the opportunity in front of him. He could learn more about the elves. Perhaps this group had escaped from Aldamere. Maybe he if learned more, he wouldn’t feel so betrayed by his race. Maybe understanding the elves’ plight, would be the key to stop feeling like the leftovers of a union that is sneered-upon at best. A union he never knew the details of. If they were from Aldamere, could they have known whichever one of his parents was elvish?

He also didn’t need his psychic abilities to predict what response he would receive from approaching the elves. He couldn’t make himself walk over there. He had mortally wounded one of them and fired upon another. He knows it starts with an apology, but how can you apologize for those actions?

“You can’t.” He tells himself while pocketing the medal.

Once you do something, you can’t undo it.