---
title: Koney_06192023_1947
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/19/2023 07:47 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5
### The Three Goats Tavern

As the party takes its long rest it is determined wise to keep watch.  During your shift you spend your time checking over your gear and your weapons. The sounds of screaming or the roar of monsters outside cease or is at least much farther off in a different part of the city.  A number of the citizens are awake with you as many find it difficult to sleep.  It is still daylight outside, quite a number of hours before night fall.  You take up a spot near the back door, Aegir taking watch near the front.  All appears quiet.

Not long into your watch did some foul smell catch your attention.  Your heightened senses found it rather fetid when you noticed a gnome crawling his way out of a grate in the kitchen floor.  With nimble deftness he maneuvers a foul smelling bucket.  It sloshed a bit as he stood to his full height and the scent grew stronger as he approached, the gnome and the bucket the clear source of the foul smell.

“Poop?” asked the gnome.

“Uh, are you offering me poop?” you ask.

“No, this is my bucket.  I was asking if you have need to use my bucket.  I’m a poopsmith of the poop patrol!” says the gnome with some pride.

“Oh! I’m good, thanks.”

“Ok, I’m sorry I’m so late on my route, it’s been a busy day.  Ok, if you have no poop to take away I’ll be going.” says the gnome as he started to turn back towards the grate in the floor.

“Wait! It’s not safe out there.”

“I’ll be fine! As our poop patrol motto goes, ‘Neither piss nor poop nor diarrhea nor dysentery in the night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.’  Besides, I know my way around the sewers pretty well.  You sure you don’t need anything hauled off before I head out?”

## Response from Koney
While Koney is still struggling to recover from the scent and scene of the Gnome and his bucket, he understands the importance of this job and the even the value of what is in the bucket. Coming to his senses Koney realizes this gnome who is steaedfast in his line of work is foolish, but his bravery and knowledge may be of help.

"I do have something small for you to haul and an ask of you good sir" says Koney.

Koney looks down at Willow, his living shrub, then checks her leaves and limbs until identifying one that is struggling. Koney whispers to Willow, "... for Alfi and the elves ..." and removes the single leaf as the little shrub makes a squek in response! Koney hands the leaf to the gnome and asks, "If you come across a small group of elves in your duties please give this leaf to them asking it be given to Alfi if she is not among them." The gnome takes the leaf from Koney and looks at the little shrub with a face of apology after hearing it squek.

"With your knowledge of the sewers and your on-boarding into the poop patrol, would you happen to be know if these people would be able to traverse the sewers to exit the city? Perhaps they gave you a map in your employee orientation packet you could share?" asks Koney

`<<gnome response from DM?>>`

As the gnome takes the leaf and places it in one of his pouches before departing, Koney is drawn to the poop bucket because of the odor, but a spark enters his mind. "Kind gnome, might you scoop a small portion of your bucket into the soil of my shrub here? While it will not ligten your load too much, it will provide some growing fuel for my friend." After the gnome scoops a bit into the soil, Koney helps mix it around as Willow smiles from the fueld and Koney's nose wrinkles from the odor.