---
title: Koney_03232023_1914
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/23/2023 7:14 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.5 Prompt from Norm

It is late in the afternoon.  The sun has moved past its meridian and the heat of the day is at its peak.  The dampness from the sudden summer rains leaves a thickness of moisture and humidity.  The bright light of the sun causes you to squint and shade your eyes, as you peer out into the horizon. The sight is a lush landscape and a balm to your soul.  Looking back, you see that almost everyone is in varying stages of exhaustion.  Sweat dripping from their brows as they exit the barrow.  This will be a slow march back to Fort Vilvidan.  Thankfully everyone is alive.

You offer Alfi a hand as you make your way out of the cavern.  A large gash on her forehead leaves red elven blood streaked across her cheek.  Her hair matted from sweat and blood.  Exhaustion is evident on her ageless face and she is able to keep pace with you.  Though her lithe form is agile and nimble, she takes your proffered hand for support as she steps over a patch of difficult terrain.

“Thank you master Koney.  You and your party have our sincere thanks.” says Alfi as she releases your hand and walks beside you.  You glance back and see Lucian quietly walking a few paces behind you.  You notice his gaze lingering on Callen with his arm around Pearl’s waist, helping her along.  His stoic face, honed through years of servitude,  reveals nothing of his thoughts.
.
“When we get back with my people, I’m afraid a decision will need to be made as to what we will do.”  Alfi’s comment draws your attention back to her.  Lucian’s gaze does not.

“We were not intending to go to Berdusk.  I know our kind do roam “free” there, but I do not trust easily that we would be accepted.  We were hoping to find a place that is safe out here in the wilderness.  Maybe build a small commune where we could live in peace.  But it seems the old tales hold true and dangerous times are ahead.  My people will look to me for answers, these babes of our kind.  They have had to grow up fast in this cruel world, barely 5 decades old some of them are.  I’m not sure what to do master Koney.  I doubt there is anywhere for us.  What do you think we should do?”

## Response from Koney
As the girls are rescued from the barrow with various scars are bruises, it is the pain and what can only be imaged as utter terror to Koney that he sees in their eyes. Koney's heart hurts from all of this and then he hears a tiny squeak from his little potted plant causing him to open his pack and check on it. Koney pulls his plant from his pack and and feels a sense of calm and a a beat of hopefulness course inside his heart. At that moment the name Salix comes to his mind and he whispers to Salix, "We must commit ourselves to help every good being in this world".

....

Koney listens with compassion and remembers how he felt when he first encountered other races after arriving in this realm and looks around as he thinks about Alfi's question. Koney has grown to care for a even begin to trust the humans of this  land which brings hope to his heart for Alfi and her fellow elves. "I would ask that you stay with us and gives these people a chance to earn back some, even a sliver, of trust with you and your fellow elves. Your gifted me Salix who has quickly grown to be a something I love and care for now and I believe this seed of trust between elves and the other races can grow as well. I commit myself to aid you and your growing elven brethren while also hoping you can share your knowledge with me along the way."

Koney walks away and tries to find a quiet space within in the woods to be close to nature to spend a moment with Salix and think about how his desire in this realm may be shifting...
