# 08/14/2022 8:54 PM
## Prompt from Norm

"Good morning Mr. Maple, how are you today?" You ask the great maple tree as you rap your knuckles against its bark.

"A mighty fine morning ain't it!  If its no bother, may I borrow some syrup?  I had a taste for something sweet this fine morning!"  You nod to the great maple tree as you gently tap it.  A small pool of clear liquid oozes and you place the jug beneath to catch it.  But something feels off to you.  Maple is usually very free flowing and generous.

"What's wrong Mr. Maple, feeling under the weather?" Your senses, finely tuned to the Feywild, begin to catch the barest scent of rot.  You follow your nose as you sniff the air.  Several yards away you see a scorch mark on the ground.  The soil and grass disturbed, the soil withered and dead.  Its not large, the forest will heal itself in a matter of days, if not hours, but enough to be odd this deep into the forest.  Sniffing the air, you notice again the distinctive scent, its travelling north.  You've heard the loud noises and traffic past the forest, a large city you know is several days away.  You've never had reason to go there, unsure of how the people would react to you.  You've heard some travelers call it Berdusk.

You turn back to Mr. Maple and finish gathering your small bottle of syrup and untap  the tree.
"Well Mr. Maple, I don't know why but I feel like this is important to check out.  Take care of yourself, and don't you be bothering oh Mrs. Elm ok!  Ok, off to adventure!"

With a start, you turn and dash off after the lingering scent of death.