---
title: Koney_01302024_1534
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/30/2024 03:34 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 15.5

You are surrounded by the sight of hopelessness, mixed with the stench of unwashed bodies covered in filth.  The pits are a breeding ground for rot and disease.  You are used to nature and joy of the summerlands, which this is absolutely not.  How can the people of this plane treat each other so?

The others go on a mission to infiltrate the citadel and the office of Sky Marshal Danny Talon.  A harengon would stick out in a room filled with Aarakocra, so you elected to stay behind. (Got sick and missed last session, this is bringing you back into the story) Vananae, Celeste, and Alfi stayed behind as well.  They sit in quiet meditation, no words spoken between them.  Some sort of psychic communication is your guess.  While you wait, you move about the masses offering berries or magical aid if you can.  Many are thankful. Some look at you with expressionless glares, having given up hope long ago.  You druidcraft small flowers to give them, leaving it in their hands.  No response.  The depths of despair is a rainbow compared to the complete and utter void of hope.  This apathetic resolve is worse than death.

You find yourself deeper into the pits, having taken several turns and paths.  You weren’t really exploring, just hopping from one person in need to the next.  Looking back, you find you have traveled a ways away from Celeste and the others.  Looking around you notice a tunnel leading to the scent of fresh air.  It is dark and narrow, with a slight chilly breeze flowing from it.  There are no miners here and most seem to stare clear of this passage.  You investigate and head deeper in, the darkness engulfing.  You’re not sure why you are doing this, perhaps just your general curiosity.

After a minute or two, the passage ends and before you is a slab of ice.  You don’t see any cracks or opening to the outside but from this block of ice is the source of the cold.  From it, a chill wind blows.  You move closer and peer at what you see within the large block of ice.  You see your distorted reflection smiling back at you.  Though you are not you smiling.

“A harengon at my door? And just the one I seek! Oh how delightful” A shrill and scraggly voice echoes from your reflection.  You step back in fright, readying your spells to fight.

“Now now, Harengon, no need for that.  I have a message for you.” Wisps of frost flow from the block of ice and coalesce into an elderly blue skin hag.  She sits on the block of ice before you.

“Bheur Hag!” You say.  An evil fey from the winterlands. A powerful caster of magic.  A devourer of corpses. This place would be a feasting ground for one such as this.

“At your service Harengon.  I have a message for you from the winter lady, she draws interest in you and your friends.  Should you survive the coming dangers, she seeks an audience with you, to our mutual benefit.  Take this, shatter it when you are ready.”  She tosses a small cube of ice at your feet.  A few inches from your toes and you can feel the cold emanating from it.

“She is as patient as the long winter months, but her patience is not forever.  Now go! I hunger for my next meal.”  says the hag with a wide grin, showing off crooked yet sharp fangs.  She vanishes in a cloud of frosty steam.

You look down at the ice cube.  Showing no signs of melting.  You pull out a rag from your bag and wrap it.  Even through multiple layers the cold seeps through.  The block of ice is gone.  The room once again in pitch darkness.  You head back down the tunnel not really paying much attention as your thoughts are filled with what the winter lady may want.  As you round the entrance you are surrounded by a dozen Aarakocran soldiers with spears drawn.  Sounds of dozens more throughout the pits, cries and screams echo all around.

“There you are.  Surrender and come with us!” says a burly Aarakocra.  What choice do you have?

## Response from Koney
Koney hides the ice cube deep in his pack and begins to recall the legends of his Fey upbringing. A shiver wracks his spine as he remembers stories of the terrible things Bheur Hag has done. Koney must try to understand what this visit means and what he recalls of the winter lady. The cube must be kept a secret until then.

Koney's thoughts are shattered by the Arakocran guards and he absent-mindedly yields to them while his thoughts are still on this terrifying visit.