---
title: Koney_03052024_2322
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/05/2024 11:22 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 16.5

With time to yourself after all these weeks, you seek out a repository of knowledge amongst the Aarakocra.  What do they call it, a library? It was not hard to find, as the citadel attendants were quite helpful in providing you with directions.  Unfortunately, most of the books were in Aarakocran.  It all looked like chicken scratch to you.  A kindly old librarian, seeing your distress, came to your aid. 

“I’m seeking some information about the feywild, do you have anything I can read?” you ask in a soft whisper.

“I have several tomes and a few treatise on the subject, though I am afraid I do not have anything written in common.  Is there a question about the subject I can help you answer, I have read them.” says the kindly librarian.

With a bit of hesitancy you choose to trust her and ask if she knows anything about Winter and in particular the winter court of the feywild.

She listens to your questions and takes a seat near you.  She closes her eyes as she takes a moment to search her memories.  She speaks to you in perfect elven, reciting from memory…

“To Aonway was given dominion over all the greenfields, flowering and edible plants, and ageless forests that cover the land.  By her beauty and majesty did she tame the heart of Emberway, whose light gives life to all under Aonway’s domain.  For by her wild passions and indomitable spirit, did she also command the heart of love.”

After a brief pause she continues but in Sylvan…

“To Argolin,  Lieutenant and mate of Mordwen, whose beauty was said to rival that of Aonway, and whose pride was her downfall.  To her was given dominion over healing and the medical arts.  In her vain pride and the corrupted whisperings of Mordwen, did she use her will to create the mockery of life.  When the end of the first age came, she was cast down into the Abyss to be worshipped by her creations for her broken visage.”
. 
She looks up, her speech returning to common.

“What I know of the Feywild was from a book written by a planeswalker named Jim Inkpen.  In it he wrote about the two goddesses Aonway and Argolin.  One was mate to Emberway, the other to Mordwen.  Both had power enough to rival either god.  Their will and might complemented and opposed each other, creating an echo of this world.  The Feywild.  It is said to be a place of unrestrained and awe-inspiring natural beauty, much like the goddesses themselves.  This ‘echo’, was divided into two realms, Summer and Winter.”

“After the first age and the fall of Mordwen, Aonway gained control of both realms.  It is said that she chose to leave the ruling of Summer to her daughter, Titania, Queen of Light.  The Summer Queen.  After Argolin fell, Aonway left the ruling of Winter to Argolin’s daughter Mab.  Queen of Air and Darkness.  The Winter Queen.”

“What can you tell me about Mab?” you ask.  As the name of Mab leaves your lips, a feeling of cold runs down your spine.

“Very little, I'm afraid.  The Queen of Air and Darkness is described as a presence that was merely felt in the Unseelie Court. However, in some stories she appears as a beautiful but terrible female faerie with angular features, bone-white skin, all-black eyes, and long black hair.  Some stories say that Winter often symbolizes death and evil, the end of a cycle of life, cold and harsh. But in Inkpen’s book, he describes that it is through Winter, Spring shall bloom again. So he says that Winter has a vital part to play in the balance of all things.”