---
title: Koney_12182022_2337
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 12/18/2022 11:37 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5 Prompt from Norm
You hop around from one wounded to another, providing what healing you can.  Many of the villagers find it cute and amusing, while others are a bit afraid of a large talking rabbit.  However, your good nature and humble attitude win many over, especially since you lend aid where you can without asking for anything.

You notice the herbalist of the village, Agnes, talking to a pale faced young man.  He is scratching himself repeatedly.  You are curious and wander over to listen.

“It’s okay my dear, drink this slime draught it’ll soothe the ache and I’m going to recommend you take this blue physic twice a day until the itching subsides and all your gross humors are back in balance.”

The young man drinks the thick liquid in one gulp, a look of sour disgust contorts his face from the taste of the medicine.  After a moment a look of relief washes over him.

“Now run along dear and stay away from Janet.” says Agnes with a knowing smile.  She is a kindly older woman, with gnarled hands from age and years at her craft.

“Well my dear, what can I help you with today.” She says as she looks you over.

“Why don’t you just heal him with magic, instead of that Rhubarb concoction,” you ask in all seriousness.  Your nose twitching from the lingering scent.

“Well my dear Harendon, I’m certain magic in the Fey realms, especially healing magic in the Summerlands, is all pervasive.  But here in our world, it is not as common.  And while I could use some magic to heal him, magic doesn’t fix everything.” She taps the side of her head, giving an indication of the thoughts within.

“Speaking of healing, what do you plan to do with your new found friends?” she asks as she tilts her head towards the group of Elven slaves staring at you with awe. “I’m not sure magic can heal what ails their unfortunate lot.” she says with sincerity.

## Response from Koney
Koney looks over the lot of haggard elves with a compassion and can partially relate to how they feel as outcasts in this land. While Koney has never been indebted to service for anyone, he can only imagine how horrible it would be to have no freedom of choice.

He looks at Agnes with heavy eyes saying "I know they are in a constant fear of nearly everyone besides their own, and rightfully so because of what they have suffered. I feel deep down they are good hearted and just want to have a home in this harsh land. Their strengths they could lend a helping hand to us all." Koney looks over to to the elves again with determination and as he hops towards them says to Agnes "I hope you and the others can see what I see".

Koney approaches the elves with hope in his eyes and asks if them if they need any more healing of physical wounds. With curiosity he asks about their past while relaying a bit of his own how he ended up in this strange land with curiosity, yet a nervous little fear.

## Response from Norm
As Koney approaches and asks the elves if they need any aid the five elves before him drop to one knee, heads bowed low.

"Master Harendon, we thank you for such generosity! We are in no further need of healing and are not worthy of your benevolence." One elf in particular speaks for the others.  For the untrained eye it is difficult to tell the age of the elves, but this one to Koney appears to be no more than 200, easily a century older than the others.  Mere children and babes

"We in truth seek an audience with you.  The humans will not listen to us, but we are all in great danger.  I've spoken to our scouts after they recovered.  There are dozens of those monsters to the Northern woods, countless more to the West in the direction you have come.  We know of small trails and paths we elves have traveled to escape our slave masters, with quiet hidden stops along the way.  If you and your party wish we could slip out to safety and reach Berdusk in a few days.  But to travel with so many is near impossible.  We ask for your wise counsel master Harendon.  For we have heard tales of the fey realms and of the endless summers.  We have heard tales of the wisdom of your kind and we will gladly follow you.  Please, help us."

## Response from Koney
Koney waves his paws and shakes his head when the elves drop to one knee with an embarrassed look on his face.

"Please stand, we are equals and I am honored to help you!"

Koney's face shows signs of sadness at what he hears on the humans not listening.

"I thank you for sharing your knowledge of trails, but cannot leave so many to certain doom. Let me speak with my party and the humans whom appear more open minded. What do you know of these monsters as I have never seen such foul beasts before?"

"I do not think anything is impossible if we unite together and trust in the world around us to lend it's strength, even with these foul monsters pursuing us. Would you aid and join us in helping these folks make safe passage? I will give you some time to think."

Koney quickly searches the nearby area for any herbs and plants that could aid Agnes with her concoctions and approaches her.

"How is the spirit of the folks? These elves mean no harm and would be a great help to us during this dangerous journey. What can you tell me about how the elves are perceived among your town peoples?"