---
title: The Last Stand of Dha Komal
layout: default
parent: Lore and History
---

# The Last Stand of Sept Dha Komal

## Historical Accounts of the Heroes of the BootyLicious Era
**as collected by Bootykick McBootyton**


As with all stories collected from this time period, I warn the reader to be wary of tall tales. It is often quite difficult to separate the truth from the hyerbolic rantings of a tavern bard. I have taken all precautions to provide the most accurate historical acccount possible.

Sept Dha Komal (d-hal koomal) was one of the Seven Great Septs of Halfling society. The number of Halflings that belonged to each sept has been unclear to me. The Halflings of today might seem like happy go-lucky travellers and adventurers but ask yourself, when was the last time you stepped into the actual home of a Halfling? When was the last time, a Halfling told you where they came from? Even today, the Halflings keep their society secret from the outside. Trying to piece together the quantitative aspects of a society from a couple of milennia ago has been difficult.

But there has been certain things that have been observed and/or has been recorded by outsiders. Each of the seven septs were ruled by a Neta. In Common, the closest word we have for this is Chief or Chieftan. However, the neta of a sept was more than a chieftan. She or He or They were also the spiritual heart of that sept. If the neta was the heart, then the neta's family were the other organs of this body. Without the neta and their family, the sept wouldn't have a spiritual direction. They would cease to be a sept. I am unsure if a neta's ancestors were the ones who founded their particular sept. How does a sept come about? Why do people choose to follow a family?

The gathering of each neta was called the Council of Seven. The Last Stand of Sept Dha Komal takes place a milennia before the Grand Orkestra. There are many rumors of this great gathering of Halflings. It was large enough to have been recorded by other species's historians but in true Halfling fashion, the details of that gathering has been kept murky. I have yet to track down the requisite texts to make a final judgement on the rumors that surround that event. Either way, the fall of Sept Dha Komal remains legendary in Halfling history.

Hira Dha Komal was the neta of Sept Dha Komal when it fell. She had ascended to her position when her mother passed of old age. Her mother, Narada, had been instrumental in keeping the peace between the seven septs of Halflings. There was never open warfare between the septs but skirmishes seemed to be common. In her time as ruler, Hira had sought to unite the seven septs but as with the attempts from her mother, the septs could never find a way to overcome their differences. I have been unable to discover the motive for uniting the septs. If the seven septs were not trying to destroy each other, what would be the purpose of a unification? What would they work together for? Does it have anything to do with the Grand Orkestra?

To my dear readers, I apologize. This is to be my account of the end of Hira's reign. I will refocus.

The years following the fall of Andardsil had filled the world with chaos and death. The Halflings had a saying for this time. The Time of Ahnt. I have yet to find an equivalent for that word, Ahnt. In Common, it seems to mean, "fading end". More research will be necessary. The Last Stand of Sept Dha Komal takes place during the last years of this time. 

All the details leading to Hira's end aren't conclusive but what is clear is that the Seven Septs were in a time of turmoil. Whatever it is that these great septs fought about, it was at a peak. There seemed to be little trust between them and the netas of each sept had refused to accept Hira's warnings. Hira had warned of a great danger but the other netas seemed to either believe this to be a trick or a political move on Neta Hira's part to gain more influence. I have been unable to discover Hira's source as well. Was it a vision from the gods? Was it a advance scout that witnessed this danger? Whatever it might be, hindsight shows that Hira was right. A dark wizard was driving an army of umber hulks through Halfling country and would have destroyed most of the Halfling world. This wizard's motivation has also been lost to time.

Hira's plea for unification to repel this army went unheeded. The family accounts of each sept showed that Neta Hira had made a personal appearance before each of their netas. These accounts all told a similar story of mistrust and bewilderment as to why another neta would make herself so vulnerable to political manipulation. Some even wondered if Neta Hira had taken ill.

Hira and Sept Dha Komal was alone. They were alone in knowing that their Halfling world was about to end from a threat from the outside and they would continue to be alone when they marched to face this army. Why did they feel that they had to defend all of Halfling society? There are many things in this account that I have been unable to confirm but I am hot on the lead to some information I believe will tell me why Sept Dha Komal did not flee. 

Hira led Sept Dha Komal to the Gaharee Canyon. The canyon was a major feature that separated the Halfling world from the outside. The army of umber hulks had to cross through this canyon and it was here that Hira had chosen to make their stand. Sept Dha Komal wasn't outnumbered but an umber hulk would have towered over a Halfling. It would have taken a dozen Halflings to take down even just one of these monsters. Hira had brought nearly the entire sept. Every person who was capable of bearing a weapon had been readied for battle. This didn't mean that the rest of the sept was left behind. Any army that marches needed folks that were not soldiers to do everything else that kept a moving camp functional. Food needed to be prepared. Tents had to be put up. Horses had to be fed. Loved ones had to be hugged and remembered. More importantly, Neta Hira had brought her whole family. They would have been the most powerful warriors in the sept and every single one of them would have been needed. The heart of the sept had brought the spiritual core of the sept.

Reports of that day told of the two forces facing off from either side of the Gaharee Canyon. On one side was a sea of monsters burrowing through the ground and exploding underneath the feet of other umber hulks. On the other, an entire sept that knew this was possibly their last day on this mortal plane. The mood was decribed as somber and resolute. Whatever their reason for not running must be rediscovered!

At the crack of dawn of the first day of battle, both sides rushed down their canyon sides and clashed at the bottom. Hira led the charge with a war cry and thus begun a battle that would last two whole days. Two more than would have seemed possible. 

Hira and Sept Dha Komal were devout followers of Emberway. There are accounts that Hira had spent years as a cleric before taking the mantle as Neta. This is not conclusive however for there are also accounts of extensive martial training as well. At dusk of the first day, Hira must have concluded that this battle would not last much longer. That night, she sent runners, in the cover of darkness, to each of the other six septs to deliver an identical message. This message has been confirmed by multiple sources and from almost every sept's historical records.

"From this day forward, the Council of Seven is no more. I must apologize to you for not having a strong enough conviction to pierce through the veil of suspicion we built during our years. I played the same game that our forebearers played and my contribution to our people's end is no less even as I stand at the brink of my demise. My mother tried to help me see that our people would have been stronger as one but I could not be the daughter that she wished me to be. I could not save our lands but there may be a chance that you can save our Song. Neta, I implore you. Gather your people and flee. Find a way to continue to sing our Song. Sing for Sept Dha Komal for after tomorrow, we will no longer be able to contribute to the Orkestra."

At the dawn of the second day, the support Halflings that maintained the camp were only the old and the young. They were told to flee into the woods and to seek out the other septs. They were told to flee in all directions as to ensure the survival of their blood. There are so many stories of that second day. Many told through the tears of grandparents saying good bye to the memories of their children and many told through the cries of children as they tried to hang on to the memories of their parents. A common theme that weaved through these disparate stories is of Hira's radiant heroism that day. Hira's powers as a cleric didn't grant her flight but she was often described as streaking down the canyon, her plate armor glowing with radiant light. Emberway was there in the canyon that day with Neta Hira. She was a blinding bright spot at the bottom of a dark canyon. Shining a way forward for her soldiers. Her legendary weapon, Lightbringer, was said to have sung with each swing and that Emberway joined in on the chorus. Sept Dha Komal perished as a sept before dusk of the second day. The stragglers above the canyon, the ones who couldn't leave because it was too painful or perhaps they felt like they needed to bear witness to their sept's end, reported that a large beam of radiant light struck down from the heavens and into the canyon. Dusk had become daylight. Brigher than daylight. It was later concluded by historians that this radiant beam must have killed the dark wizard. There is no evidence that he ever resurfaces after this battle.

The accounts of this divine beam was also reported in the historical accounts of the other six septs. The six remaining netas had not heeded Hira's warning. They had not fled their homeland. If Neta Hira had failed in life, she had not failed in death. Her words had finally "pierced the veil", as she put it. Her conviction had finally found its point. All six septs gathered their armies. All six septs took up arms and marched on the canyon. It is reported that the Neta of Sept Maan Tivra took a vow of silence for the rest of his remaining years from the shame of not casting aside political games to support Hira.

The six septs arrived at the dawn of the third day. Many hours after the radiant beam appeared from the sky. What they found was chaos. The umber hulks were no longer under the control of any one mind. In fact, they had already turned on each other and had begun fighting between themselves. The canyon floor was a orgy of death. This was a strong clue that Hira and the radiant beam had destroyed the dark wizard and with it, any control over these monsters. The six septs launched their attack from the top of the canyon. Their sorcerors and paladins were able to destroy the remaining umber hulks with a bevy of magic.

In the aftermath, the body of Hira and the wizard were never found. Sept Dha Komal had indeed perished with Hira and her family. The people of Sept Dha Komal were absorbed into the remaining septs. The name Komal would be used to honor Hira's lineage for a milennia. This was to all change when the Grand Orkestra met but that is another historical account for another chapter. This is was my account of Neta Hira Dha Komal and The Last Stand of Sept Dha Komal.
