---
title: TimMacaw_12082023_0722
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 12/08/2023 07:22 AM
## Post from Tim Macaw

As Tim waits as the rest of the party goes to meet the prince, he starts to feel overwhelmed by this plan to go back to his people.

Go to Arrowmark, where no one has visited in decades, to convince the Sky Queen to not only let them search for Vara-nu but join an alliance to save Arta. But, it’s the thought of his uncle, Danny Talon, that he starts feeling himself panicking. He instinctively puts on his old mask as he regresses to his old coping mechanisms but he finds that it isn’t helping like it used to.

Suddenly he feels someone gently pulling his mask off him. “Just take it easy, Sit down and do what I do”, says Gideon as he sits in front of him on the floor. “Now breathe deep slow breaths and focus on nothing else but the air going in and out of your lungs.” “There you go, nice and slow. The air is what sustains life, so feel your lungs fill with it.” “All living things depend on it, but air also contains power. It can move giant ships across oceans, or feed a blacksmith’s forge to melt iron. This is the power that flows through you now, so feel that power with each breath.” “Good job, keep going, in and out, in and out..”

After a few min of this, Tim feels much better. “Was that some master swordsman trick before a battle?” asks Tim. 

“No, it’s actually something I learned from your Da”, as Gideon stands back up. “Wait, what?”, questions Tim.

“I taught your Da to swing a sword, but your Da taught me to deal with my, let's say, personal demons.”, says Gideon coyly. “It’s something the worshipers of Emberway do for meditation, or have you forgotten about your family’s rituals and customs?”

It’s been so long since he’s thought of Emberway and now recognizes that Gideon led him through a “breathing” prayer. He hadn’t prayed to Emberway since he lost his parents and blamed Him for letting them die. After the breathing prayer, Tim was surprised how refreshed he felt and a little nostalgic of when his father used to perform rituals and held religious festivals. 

“I know why you stayed behind to talk to me.” interrupting Tim’s thoughts, “..but, the last time I was in Arrowmark was when you were born. Since then it’s been harder and harder to enter, then suddenly I heard of your parents death and all the border crossings were permanently closed the next day. I couldn’t even get to visit your family’s shrine to pay my respects.” said Gideon 

“What did you hear about my parent’s death? ..and what happened to me?” asked Tim

“From what I could piece together is that they blamed your parent’s death on a dragon attack and that you were carried away, never to be seen again. Your uncle blamed foreigners and outsiders for attracting dragons to Arrowmark. So they closed all border crossings, expelled all foreigners and even ended trading and mail. Your uncle used your parents' deaths as an excuse to achieve his political ambitions, this was something your father was afraid that he would do, but never thought he would murder his own brother to do it.”

“I’m sorry that I can’t tell you anything more about what you’ll be getting into, but know that your father’s dream was that all nations and people could live in harmony and peace. He even sympathized for the elves that have been mistreated for generations, and even helped resettle some elven refugees in Arrowmark. I know that it pissed off your uncle to no end. When your uncle took your parents, he also took their hopes and dreams for all of us. Where Aarakocra, elves, men, dwarves, and all other races could live in cooperation, peace, and a just Arta for all. Whatever happens, I know your parents are proud of the Aarakocra you grew up to become, and that you’ve found friends to help you on your journey. May Emberway shine his warmth you and fill your wings with clear blue skys.”