---
title: TimMacaw_01032024_1044
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/03/2024 10:44 AM
## Campaign 4 Session 14.5 - Prompt from Norm

The scene before you is dark and grim.  You left when you were very young, and while the death of your parents has left an indelible mark upon you, your people and this country were a bright spot in your memories.  Now the harsh reality is almost too much to bear.  Your uncle seems unassailable. Your keen mind for tactics and angles can’t seem to find the path to victory.  At least not without unacceptable losses.

Then there is the greater task of Vananae’s.  Do you abandon your quest for revenge when you are so close?  This is perhaps your best chance at exacting your revenge. You have dreamed about this chance for so long.  Vananae has even offered to teleport all of you into the Citadel.

There is a tugging of your sleeve.  An old Aarakocra with a grey-brown plumage is at your feet.  Where his wings should be are stumps, harshly removed. His thin legs are scrawny and his faced weathered and scarred.

“You’re a Macaw? You must be Jim Macaw’s son!” says the wizened old Aarakocra.  His grasp of your sleeve is weak and feeble, his tattered clothes but noxious rags.

“Yes, yes I am.” Perhaps the first time in a long time that you have spoken such a thing aloud.

“I knew your father! I was a priest at the temple to Emberway.  We thought all the Macaw’s were dead.  We never believed the stories your uncle told, of your father colluding with dragons and conspiring against the Empress.  We knew it couldn’t be true.”

“My father was no traitor to the crown or to Emberway! He was murdered by my Uncle!” Your anger rises and the old man shrinks back from you.  You steady yourself and stoop lower to the ground, so as to be more level with the old priest.

“I’m sorry. What’s your name?” you ask, softening your tone, letting your anger simmer.

“You can call me Khalef, Khalef Junco.  I’d stand but as you can see I’m not what I used to be.” Khalef smiles, trying to return the friendly tone.

“Please Khalef, I came back to get the aid of our people in a greater war.  I came back…I came back to avenge my father.  He was no traitor, I know he wasn’t.  I just don’t know why my uncle did this, or even what I can even do to stop him.” You say pleadingly.

“There is little I can do to help you my boy.  But your uncle has lost his mind.  His lies are pervasive and his speech like honey.  He riles up and stirs the younger flock to hatred and anger.  They burned down our temple, hunted all of us and slaughtered or threw us into the pits.  In the few short years after your father was murdered, he started such virulent and wide-sweeping changes.  Our military wings have grown and he was training even our hatchlings for war.  Our people are being led down a dark path.”

“What of the Sky Empress, or the Parliament of Elders? Can they not stop him.”

“I don’t know about the Sky Empress but the Council of Elders are afraid of your uncle.  He controls the military as Sky Marshall.  But perhaps if you can find evidence.  Perhaps if you can speak truth to his lies.  Perhaps those who value reason will stand against the speech of hatred.  But I fear even with evidence, your uncle has to be stopped.”

“But how? I have no evidence but myself!”

“There were some in our order who believed your uncle was receiving aid from a foreign power.  We knew not what or how.  But a devout believer who served as an aid to him, said he kept a safe in his office.  Perhaps there is the evidence you seek!  With it you could bring to light your uncle’s treachery and confront him with it.”

Could it be that simple.  Could the skills you thought were against your father’s teachings be what is needed now.  Your uncle has to be stopped.  Those words echo in your mind and the weight of your choice hangs in the balance.  Your uncle and your people, or the greater mission.

## Response from Tim Macaw
"Khalef, thank you for that, this may be the best chance we have at ending his tyranny. But I'll need more information if we are to act on this. First, we'll need to know where the sky marshal's office is located. Do you know if there are any aarakokra down here that might know how to get there? Second, what can you tell me about the inquisitor and how much does my uncle trust him?"

`out of roll playing If i'm to use my disguise kit and make a myself look like the inquisitor, what will i need to roll? Also, i'm going to try and use Master of Intrigue and mimic the inquisitor's voice. At least I should have learned how he sounds like while he beat me.`

`If performance, I rolled a 22 and 26.`