---
title: TimMacaw_06192023_1948
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/19/2023 07:48 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5 - Prompt from Norm
### The Three Goats Tavern

As the party takes its long rest it is determined wise to keep watch.  During your shift you spend your time checking over your gear and your weapons.  It is still daylight outside, quite a number of hours before night fall.  You take up a spot in one of the upstairs rooms, facing the front of the building, a clear line of sight down the road.  All appears quiet. The sounds of screaming or the roar of monsters outside cease or is at least much farther off in a different part of the city.

Gideon walks into the room.  You didn’t notice him approaching even though he is wearing heavy armor.  How did he sneak up on you?

“Knock knock!”

You turn to look at him, remaining silent, trying to give nothing away.

“You had a couple of nasty knocks out there.  You doing ok?” Gideon asks with a casual nonchalance.
You nod, though your head has been pounding with nasty headache for the past hour or two.
Nothing the magic of a long rest can’t fix.

“Well, you did pretty good out there.  I saw what you did with your crossbow, taking out one of those goon balloons.  Don’t beat yourself up over the queen, if you didn’t take that shot, it would have hurt a lot more people.”

Again you nod, doing your best to give nothing away yet feeling completely transparent to Gideon’s gaze.  He keeps your eye for a moment before he turns to leave.

“Your Da would’ve been proud of you.”

## Response from Tim Macaw
At that, his pretenses broke. “Would he?”, whispered Tim without realizing what he just said. Gideon stops mid stride. 

“Would he be proud?”, he growls, his fists now clenched tight. “What would he be most proud of? That his son works for criminals? That my life goals have been about revenge and killing? I know, he’s proud that my a-hole mentor only saw me as a patsy and sent me to kill Lady Catrina alone, and the best part, I was dumb enough to accept it.” Tim catches his reflection in a broken mirror. The mask that had felt more comfortable than his own skin, now felt ungainly and foreign. He slams his face into the wall, shattering not just the mirror but part of his mask. “Yeah, I’m a real winner here.” 

Gideon turns to face him. He had been expecting this for some time. Aarakocras don’t normally cosplay as Dragonborns because they’re in a healthy headspace. It was obvious that he was someone trying to escape his past by covering anything that reminded him of it, and knew his anger and bravado was just another mask, covering up the pain and shame that haunted him. He stood there silently, knowing that Tim was finally at an existential moment, what happened next would be up to him.

“Ever since the battle, thoughts of my father have been haunting me. Those once happy memories of him playing with me, are now somber thoughts that won’t leave me. The funny dances he would do around the house, or how he would clown around swinging a broom or mop with his exaggerated poses. I’ve always assumed it was just him playing to make me laugh. I had hoped those memories were almost lost to me, and I had all but forgotten about them, until I saw you fighting in that street today.”

Looking at the scratches on Gideon’s armor, Tim thinks of the battle that caused them. He arrived just in time to see Gideon charging to the aid of the King and Queen. At first he didn’t think much of it, but something about his form and sword flourishes seemed deeply familiar. The way he holds his sword and the sweeping strides of his legs triggered a feeling of deja vu. It distracts him and catches him off guard. He didn't notice it but the monster had finished dispatching  the city guards and now turned on him, eventually knocking him unconscious. As the world goes dark, he sees Gideon defending the King, and for a second, before things go completely black, in Gideon’s place, he sees what looked like his father, doing the exact same “funny dance” he did in his memories.

Meeting Gideon’s eyes, “I think it’s time you told me who you are?,” Tim asked with a stern expression, “..and how the hell did my father, a priest, know your fighting style?”

Gideon breaks Tim’s glare and closes his eyes to take a deep breath, as if he was breathing in the cool mountain air straight from his memory. “Well, because I taught him during the war, and he was good too..”

“Wait, what?”, Tim interrupted.  “My father didn’t fight in a war or even know how to hold a sword. He was a priest for Emberway, he always sought peace over conflict” 

“You’ll learn that there is a big difference between not knowing how to fight and choosing not to fight, and your father wasn’t always a priest. That was your mother’s doing. And for who I am depends on who’s asking, but to you, all you need to know right now is that I was your father’s friend.”

Gidion moves in closer, lowering his voice, “But as his friend, I must warn you that your father’s enemies are still out there and they suspect that you’re still alive, like I've always have.” 

“You mean my uncle”

Gidion nods, “..and others that he’s in league with. So pick your friends carefully because, one way or another, you’ll need them. We’ll speak more once we’re once we find ourselves in a safer situation, but know that you’re at a crossroads and the choice will be up to you. Will you continue on this path for revenge or pick up your father’s mantle and fight for  your people”

Picking up a piece of Tim’s shattered mask and hands it to him. “At some point, a chick needs to break out of its shell. It’s the only way it’ll ever find out high they can really soar.”