---
title: TimMacaw_04172023_1513
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 04/17/2023 03:13 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 7.5 - Prompt from Norm

As you look about the blazing inferno, a kid runs up to you and deftly places a small package into your hands before running off.  The child is quick or perhaps your attention was slipping. The package is unsigned except for an insignia of a diamond.  This must be from Henrick, your contact that your handler Dunbar sent you to meet more than a week ago.

While the others are distracted by the fire, you pull off into the shadows to look at the information for the job.  You open the packet, and what you see startles you.  The job is 1000 gold pieces upon completion.  You're being contracted to assassinate a noble!  Not just any noble either.  You hold a picture of someone known to you.  Your target is Lady Katrina!

## Response from Time Macaw
“Damn you Dunbar, always pulling this shit”, Tim curses to himself. All he was told was to go to Berdusk and talk to Henrik. No warning about chittering monsters, nomadic gnomes, crazy bald wizards, or even how to get into Berdusk during its celebration. Did he even expect that Tim would get this far? Tim knows that Dunbar is just using him, but even cannon fodder is given the courtesy of being lied to with promises of coming home. 

He stares at the picture of Lady Katrina, understanding that Dunbar has sent him on a suicide mission. “Did Dunbar know that she was a wizard of the Haven? He knows this was Tim’s first hit job, so was he sent to fail?” It was only by chance did Tim meet Lady Katrina and Gideon in Myrtle, or else he would have never known how impossible a task this would have been for him.
As he places the picture and note in his pocket, he feels something else in there. He pulls it out in his clenched fist, he's been avoiding having to look at it since he doesn't know what emotions might surface. As he slowly opens his hands to reveal the Feather Token Gideon gave him, he finds that he is oddly comforted to see its ornate style and flourishes. It reminds him of the adornments his father would wear during their religious ceremonies. And as he turns it over, he sees the etched image of a sun and light rays, the symbol of Emberway.

“How did he have this? What does he know of my family, my home?” There’s so much he wants to ask, but he was too proud, or maybe even too frightened to ask earlier. He might be a pompous ass hole, but he has been instructive even encouraging at times. Which felt foreign since Dunbar’s teaching style always seems more.. Darwinian.

Holding Henrick’s note in one hand and the Feather Token in the other, Tim stands there silently as if the weights of them would tell him something. His hate and desire for revenge has transformed him, but he’s starting to see his quest for power has cost him more than he wanted. He’s forgotten how he felt as his mother sang to him as he slept, or how tightly his father held him as they flew over the cliffs and waterfalls. Dunbar was the one that told him that these memories were a distraction, a weakness that needed to be erased. But now it seems that this path for revenge would have led to his arrest, or even death. It was fortunate that he met his companions when he did. He would have thought it even providential if he still believed in that stuff. 

He has so many questions. Who and why was he sent to kill Lady Katrina? What did they hope to gain from it? Did Dunbar knowingly send him to die? Well it seems we might have the opportunity to ask these questions soon enough. Tim puts away the token and note. Rubbing his temples, he curses his headache. He must be tired because his wings are starting to spasm and twitch, he’ll need to readjust the bindings once he finds a place to sleep.