---
title: TimMacaw_12182022_2327
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 12/18/2022 11:27 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5

Sitting alone in a dark corner of the encampment, near the wooden walls, you remove your mask for the briefest of time to breathe in the fresh night air and to take several bites of food. With your disguise kit returned, you pull out a few tools and instruments to adjust your mask.  Any longer and the mask might have cracked or the strap broken off.  After making some adjustments to your disguise, you put the mask back on, a sense of comfort in spite of the discomfort comes over you.

“You missed a spot Aarakocra, I can see your feathers by your chin.” says the Blademaster, Gideon Beck.  He walks over to you, leaning against the wooden wall of the Palisade.  You are startled by his words and appearance and quickly draw your dagger.  He doesn’t look concerned and simply taps his chin on the same side you now feel a few loose feathers protruding from the mask.  You quickly adjust and tuck the feathers back in.

“What do you want?” You ask, trying to put confidence in your tone.

“To give you my thanks for the rescue.  Didn’t need it though, Lady Katrina, Lady Celeste, and I were in no danger from those elves.  But if we acted, it was possible one of the villagers might have been hurt.  I must admit it was rather amusing watching you all smash your way in.”  Gideon chuckles at the memory.

“Haha, laugh it up.  Didn’t see you lift a finger to help?”

“Looked like you all had it in hand, besides, my task doesn’t involve others, just my two charges.  Let me ask you something though, why the mask? It’s clearly holding you back.” asks Gideon, all humor aside.

## Response from Tim
"Why do you care?", Tim says annoyed. He starts packing his disguise kit away, grabbing handfuls of his pigments and paints, as he haphazardly shoves them into his bag. Tim pauses when a bottle rolls out of the kit and falls onto the dirt floor at his feet. He gently picks up the bottle of vibrant red paint and looks at it as if it contained a memory. Gideon notices the color seemed similar to the feather he glimpsed earlier. He watches silently as if a sadness seems to wash over Tim.

Gently rolling the bottle in his hands as he stares at it, "It must be nice to be strong enough to protect the people that depend on you. To be so confident of your abilities that even when captured, you know you're capable of protecting them, that no harm can come to them on your watch".

Now grasping the bottle in his fist, "Well, not everyone has that luxury. For the rest of us life is an unforgiving slog in the gutter. The weak can only run and hide as the powerful take everything they want. The weak can only pathetically beg for mercy as they're shown none by those that hunt them. The weak can only cry as their family are slaughtered from the skies. I hate being weak". Tim throws the tiny bottle, shattering it against the wall. Red paint dripped down as if the wall itself was bleeding from a wound.

Glaring at Gideon, "You may see it as a hindrance but this mask is everything I'm not. "He" is strong, cunning, fierce, and brave. As long as I'm not me, "He" can fight against the powerful, "He" can rescue those seeking mercy, and "He" can deliver the vengeance that I can't"

Tim steps up to Gideon, showing the full face of the mask, "With the fort compromised and the chual still out there, we have little time to save as many as we can. So go stop wasting my time and go run and "protect" your charges, because the way I see it, I'm not the one pretending to do their job."
Grabbing his bag and crossbow, Tim passes Gideon, bumping his shoulder into him as he leaves.

## Response from Norm
The move is blindingly fast and the flash of light in the darkness stops Tim in his tracks.  He never saw nor heard the unsheathing of the blade as its swept around and stops at Tim's throat.

"I am deadly pip-squeak, don't doubt that.  Deadly enough to know I can't win every battle, nor protect everyone I care about.  The weak as you call them, have a gift you and I don't."

With a forceful thrust, Gideon turns Tim bodily to face into the camp.  Tim's head is turned toward a family who huddles near a campfire.  A mother and father and their three children.  They are smiling and giggling as the Komal-Re walks by and sings a merry tune.  Their father makes shadow puppets with his hands in the firelight.  The mom is preparing a meal.  Her eyes watch as well, a smile on her lips.

"The "weak" as you call them have a freedom we do not, because we do what they cannot.  But their battle, while not in arms, is a war of the spirit.  You can't save them all, and those you lose will haunt you, believe me.  When you one day have the "luxury" I have, come find me and tell me how great it feels to have lost more than you can count."

Gideon releases the blade from Tim's throat, roughly shoving him and tripping his feet in one fluid motion, knocking him to the ground.  The world goes dark for a moment as the mask is jolted and skews his vision.  Tim rolls into the shadows in a defensive crouch.  In the seconds it takes Tim to adjust his mask, he could have been skewered.  When he does see clearly again, a pale moon light glows brightly around him.

Sticking out of the ground a sword shines brightly, illuminating the darkness.

"For your dance with the devil."  Gideon says as he turns and walks away.

OOC: You receive a moon-touched short sword

## Response from Tim
After taking a knee to fix his mask, Tim calmly gets to his feet and proceeds to gently dusts himself off as if he just got up from a nap. "At least the old dog isn't all bark", he says loudly to the back of Gideon, "but don't think this makes us friends!" as he grabs the sword and shakes it in Gideon's direction. Gideon continues to walk away and turns into a hallway without reacting. 

"Don't get yourself killed before I can return the favor!", yells Tim, not knowing if he even heard him. He turns and walks off in a strut in the other direction.

As Tim tries to project an air of bravado, under his mask his eyes are wide with terror and cold sweat dripping down his neck.

"WTF! Did I almost die?" "How the hell did he move so fast" "And why the hell did he give me this thing?" "..and WHY IS IT GLOWING?!"

Tim walks the perimeters of the courtyard twice before he calmed down enough to realized that he just started walking without knowing where he was going. He left all his gear back there and eventually retrieved it after making sure Gideon wasn't anywhere near there. He hasn't felt so powerless and out matched since he was a small chick. He thought he's gotten so much stronger but Gideon has shown him how much of a novice he actually is. If there are others like him, he'll need to get stronger and faster or his next lesson maybe his last.