---
title: TimMacaw_03232023_1915
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/23/2023 7:15 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.5 Prompt from Norm

It is late in the afternoon.  The sun has moved past its meridian and the heat of the day is at its peak.  The dampness from the sudden summer rains leaves a thickness of moisture and humidity.  The bright light of the sun causes you to squint and shade your eyes, as you peer out into the horizon. The sight is a lush landscape and a balm to your soul.  Looking back, you see that almost everyone is in varying stages of exhaustion.  Sweat dripping from their brows as they exit the barrow.  This will be a slow march back to Fort Vilvidan.  Thankfully everyone is alive.

As you walk with the others you replay the events in your mind.  You know that all the angles were closed to you and your group. The battle if you could call it that was unwinnable.  As a self-styled mastermind rogue, you pride yourself on there never being a no win situation, yet this was by the will of the gods that everyone made it out alive.

You make your way to the back of the group, helping the stragglers keep pace.  You see a young human girl of perhaps seven or eight years of age standing there unmoving.  A look of pain and terror on her face.  She is reliving the terrifying events in her mind.  Her look is one you are certain you must have had as you think back to your own past.  A tragic past that has some connection to Gideon.  He promised you a feather token coin from your homeland.  Perhaps he has some answers.  You overhear Komal-Re and Lady Celeste as they walk by…
.
“I don’t know what to do master bard.  I am afraid.  Do I continue to Haven? Can they even help me against what we witnessed?  Do I venture to Norwall and beyond to the Northern wastes to confront that monster, is that my destiny?  Maybe I should just say screw it and leave, head south or west and get as far away from here as I can?  I…I’m lost and I do not know the way.”

‘I’m lost and I do not know the way.’ she says.  That feels true for all of us you think.  You walk over to the young girl and reach out a hand.  She looks up at you and your mask, and without remark takes your hand and follows your lead.