---
title: TimMacaw_02212023_1646
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 02/21/2023 4:46 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 5.5 Prompt from Norm
### Fort Vilvidan

The adventurers gather to leave the townsfolk behind in search of the kidnapped young girls.  The mayor, heeding the persuasive counsel of the halfling agreed to set out for Berdusk as soon as possible.  Agnes the healer offered her services and healed the wounds of the party.

You straighten your mask and adjust your pack.  You steady yourself, preparing for the trek into the wilds after the kidnapped children.  How have you become so noble?  You see lady Katrina and lady Celeste talking to Komal-Re.  Gideon walks over and stands beside you.  How did he sneak up on you like that?

“You did good out there kid.  You were smart. Kept your wits about you.” says Gideon in his deep hoarse sounding voice.

“Yeah you got knocked down a bit, but who wouldn’t with a huge pile of animated hands and feet?  Am I right?  Look, I go where lady Katrina goes, and likely I’m not going with you guys.  It’s up to you now.  Looks like Lady Celeste is going with.  You take care of her, you hear.  Otherwise if anything should happen to her, you’ll have some explaining to do.  You make it back with those kids, you can have this?”  Gideon holds in the palm of his hand an ornate feather made of golden strands.  Arcane etchings on it indicate it is enchanted.  You recognize it at once and you look up at Gideon.  It’s a token from your homeland, a featherfall token, only far more ornate.  A knowing look in his eyes.  Your reaction to it giving away more than you wanted.

“It’s not like some cheap copper one either.  It’ll also act as a badge.  The guards will let you in, should you ever go back there.”  The last bit he says softly so only you can hear.  “You make it back I’ll explain how I got this, Tim Macaw, son of High Gospeller Joseph Macaw!”

## Response from Tim
"How..", Tim stutters but quickly catches himself. He feels the feathers on his neck stand on end as a cold chill runs down his spin. "I don't know what you're talking about, and ..and stop wasting my time", he says as he turns, almost running from Gidion's presence.

He ducks into the first secluded spot he could find and falls to his knees, only then realizing the beads of sweat and frantic rhythm of his breathing. He's starting to feel restricted and gasps for air as he claws at the straps of his mask.

Visions of his home burning and the broken bodies of his parents fill his mind, their motionless forms disappearing into the flames. He reaches for them but white pain flashes as he's kicked off the cliff. He feels himself falling, the rushing wind getting louder as the mountainside shrinks away from him. The last thing he remembers seeing, before blacking out, is the red glow of the fire fading away as he fell through the clouds.

Breaking one of the straps as he tears his mask off his face, he lets it fall to the floor which makes an abnormally heavy thud. He tries to get his breathing under control and starts to think about what just happened.

Gideon knows his past. He knows his father! The how is not as important because this just has become too dangerous. His uncle's spies are everywhere and Gideon could just be a part of a trap to finally end him and his family line forever. He needs to run, flee into the forest and not look back.

He thinks of ways to sneak out to make a run for it, but he can't seem to focus on a plan. He's done this for years,  hundreds of times. Running away and hiding is second nature to him but now his thoughts are distracted. He remembers the fear and terror of being hunted as a child, but the worst memories were the years of loneliness, the feeling of abandonment and being forgotten by the world.

And now there are 9 children out there that feel the same terror and sadness he did. He begged his uncle for mercy but he had none to give. He cried out to the world but none came to his rescue. He prayed to his god, but even Emberway has ignored his pleas. But no more, he's not running this time, no child should experience what he did. To be tormented and twisted by it, that you start to believe that you're what's wrong, that if you became someone or something else, you could finally stop hiding and get to come back home. No, Emberway may have abandoned him but he will not abandon them. Even if Gideon knows the truth about him, it doesn't matter, he's tired of hiding. Maybe he's telling the truth and he knew his father, but if it's a trap, then this may be his best chance to learn more about his uncle and just maybe find a way to get his revenge. 

Tim stands up and steels himself for the task at hand, to find and bring those children back home. He picks up his mask and replaces the broken strap. Fitting it back on his face, he adjusts it a few times and figgest with it for the next 10 minutes. He's not sure if the new strap just needs to be broken in, but something about it just doesn't feel right anymore. No matter, he'll deal with it later, it's time to hunt some monsters.