---
title: KomalRe_04182023_1713
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 04/18/2023 05:13 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 7.001 - Singular Post from Dan
## Meeting Owl Pacino

Komal Re climbed up the rear of the wagon and got a little bit of help from the blacksmith sitting near the opening.

"Thanks Kergan!"

Komal Re found some space near the middle. A great thing about being small in this world is well... being small. Komal Re was able to slip in between two of the passengers quite easily. He jammed his hand into his satchel and took out the hymnal he had found in the cave. Althought he didn't have time to really look at it in the cave, he was sure that was what it was.

Most of the book was empty. There were poems sprinkled throughout the book but there! Three songs. 

How intriguing! Without thinking he began to hum the notes of the first one.

Huh. Catchy. There were also lyrics. Wonder what that sounds like.

Under his breath, Komal Re began to sing. His excitement and curiosity shifted the song's original key.
Before he could quite finish the last note, a brush of energy and color seemed to rush from him. Moving and pulsing. The swirling light coalescing in front of Komal Re briefly reminded him of a song he once knew. Or was it a poem. Before he could pin it down, a flutter of white and brown feathers obscured his vision and zipped out of the wagon.
.
No. It couldn't be. Komal Re slid back in surprise and found himself bracing himself against the side of the wagon. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to force back the wave of memories.

"No!", the frequency of that no reverberated through his memories. He remembered yelling it with every intention he had in his young body.

"Re! You must! You have responsibilities!" called the halfling woman standing at the door.

Re could feel the hot afternoon sun on his face as he ran through the small garden and towards the barn. 

He burst through the door and dove into the darkest corner he could find.

Hot tears streamed down his face as he cried. This was all so unfair. He had dreams! Re had dreamed of seeing the world ever since he went to this first Orkestra at the age of 4. The stories and songs those traveling bards weaved filled his days and nights with visions of far away places and different people. For 12 years, he went with this family to the annual Orkestra to share in the harmony of their people. He even once listened to a story about a race of turtle people! TURTLES! How could Mama Abhi expect him to turn his back on such songs.

"No."

Re stood and said it out loud again. He couldn't turn his back on being part of such a grand and wonderful world. He wanted to hear more songs. Sing his songs!

That night, he made plans to run away.

Komal Re blinked his eyes rapidly and straightened his back. There was the owl. His owl. Just perched on the back of the wagon's gate.

Without words, he could sense the owl telling him it's name was Owl Pacino. He could also sense another message.

"You cannot run forever."