---
title: KomalRe_01032024_1511
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/03/2024 03:11 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 14.5 - Story Post from Dan
### Scene: Neta Raga Maan Kori, leader of Sept Maan Kori
<br>
Neta Raga Maan Kori stretched and arched their back as a growing tightness pulled on Raga's lower back. They let out a long low sigh as they reminisced of a time when this kind of ache was as foreign to them as the cakes that was sitting in front of them.

"Neta Raga, it has been many months now since Neta Bismillah has requested an answer to his letter. I am afraid that any more delay would harm our relationship with Sept Dha Shuddha."

Raga's aide, Jyoti, leaned back into her seated position. Both Raga and Jyoti were seated on comfortable cushions on the floor. Legs crossed under them. Jyoti's whisper had been in response to another gift of foreign treats sent by Neta Bismillah Dha Shuddha. Another not so gentle reminder that Bismillah wanted a response.

Raga peered at the messenger in front of them and inhaled a long slow breath. Their mind choosing to close out all their senses except for the most important one. As their breath created a low rumble through their sinus and down their throat, Raga could hear the gentle wind sliding through the room from an open window. With a practiced adjustment, Raga sped up their breath to match the pacing of the breeze. There, on the even cadence of the mountain air, was the guidance Raga was looking for.  Patience.

"You may let your Neta know that I have not forgotten and that I am grateful for these gifts. Inform him that I am in need of his continued patience and will respond soon."

The messenger adjusted their robe and stood with a natural grace that belied decades of training in the many Dha Shuddha monasteries. With a deep bow, the messenger nodded and left the room without making a sound.
.
Neta Raga's surprise manifested itself in one arched eyebrow but they were able to collect themselves before alarming Jyoti. There. That was the true message that Neta Bismillah had sent. For a living being to be able to move as soundlessly as this messenger just did, meant only one thing. Neta Bismillah had sent one of his most skilled warriors. This was not quite a threat but was the closest one could come to a threat without making it.

Very well Bismillah. It appears your patience has run out.

"Jyoti, find him. Find Re immediately and tell him this. Return now. I cannot stall them anymore."

"Of course Neta. But what if he refuses? He has chosen to not respond to our many missives as it is."

"Then you must give him a truth that he cannot ignore.  If he will not come back and play his part in our song then Sept Maan Kori's time will come to an end."

Jyoti Maan Kori gasped at the bluntness of the message. Could it be? Has it really come to this? A deep anger flared within her.

"I will bring him home Neta."

`<OOC> `
`Norm, just wanting to add to the overall story. No need to act on this any time soon but think of it as a lever you can pull on at any point. I've been working on some details for the different septs and I have a big idea as to what Neta Bismillah wants.  We can chat another time.`

`I envisioned Jyoti Maan Kori as a druid. However, choose whatever class fits your need.`