---
title: KomalRe_03232023_1912
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 03/23/2023 07:12 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 6.5 Prompt from Norm

It is late in the afternoon.  The sun has moved past its meridian and the heat of the day is at its peak.  The dampness from the sudden summer rains leaves a thickness of moisture and humidity.  The bright light of the sun causes you to squint and shade your eyes, as you peer out into the horizon. The sight is a lush landscape and a balm to your soul.  Looking back, you see that almost everyone is in varying stages of exhaustion.  Sweat dripping from their brows as they exit the barrow.  This will be a slow march back to Fort Vilvidan.  Thankfully everyone is alive. 

While the stifling heat is oppressive, the bright sunlight is a comfort to your thoughts.  Through Callen, what you witnessed was a waking nightmare.  A dragon of gargantuan proportions, likely ancient or an elder dragon.  Though it is difficult to grasp the power scale for such beings.  While it was terrifying, what was truly horrific was the thing that had attached itself to it.  A massive brain like creature with spiny tentacles had embedded itself through the creature, a sentient mind with a supremely potent intellect had control of the dragon.  If that wasn’t insurmountable enough, under its sway was a literal host of otherworldly monsters at its command. A horde of creatures capable of laying waste to any and all kingdoms!  What is staying them from rampaging through the countryside, if not the world you wonder.   Within the cavern, that mutated beholder called Lady Celeste, “The Key.”  The key to what?  So many questions, so many possibilities.

You look over to see Celeste walking slowly and alone. Though she is extremely exhausted, something in her countenance appears more at ease.  As though a great weight has been lifted.  You move closer to walk beside her.

“How are you m’lady?  Are you alright?” you ask

“I am, master bard! I feel free from the creature’s mental assault though now burdened by its revelation.”  says Celeste as she lets out a sigh of perhaps relief and sadness. 

“All my life I have had sensitivity to the thoughts of others.  I thought it was a curse.  To see and hear a person’s most private of feelings was to lose yourself in those experiences. It has taken much effort to block those thoughts out and to train my mind to be my own.  I thought I had control.  The Haven was to help train me to be even better at it.  Now this...” says Celeste, as she stares distantly out towards the horizon.

“I don’t know what to do master bard.  I am afraid.  Do I continue to Haven? Can they even help me against what we witnessed?  Do I venture to Norwall and beyond to the Northern wastes to confront that monster, is that my destiny?  Maybe I should just say screw it and leave, head south or west and get as far away from here as I can?  I…I’m lost and I do not know the way.”

## Response from Komal Re
Komal Re's eyes flitted towards Callen as he thought about Lady Celeste's question. The vision Callen shared with him clung to his mind still and he had hoped to make eye contact with Callen. Even for just a brief moment so that he knew the weight of this terrifying vision could be shared.

But when his eyes passed over Callen, what he saw wasn't fear or terror or desperation. What he saw was a hard young man awkwardly trying to find a way to properly hold a young lady without being improper. It was like a goddamn meet-cute.

Instead of sharing the weight with Callen, what Komal Re found instead was hope. The hope of possible futures. The hope of young love. Around the edges of that terror now lined the familiar dulcet tones of hope.

So Komal Re smiled.

"My dearest Lady! Now is not the time for despair! Or to drown our minds in the scaly grips of fear! We have just, quite literally, crawled from the depths of the truest horror. THAT was a beholder! A monster of legends!"

Lady Celeste's eyes furrowed and widened.

"That fear you mentioned? That fear you're pushing back and forth? It doesn't take into account the fact that you are no longer alone. 'I' this. 'I' that. 'I' go. 'I'm lost'. My Lady. You are no I no longer."

Komal Re nodded to Callen. Then to Koney. And to Tim. And to Aegir. Where is Lance?? Komal Re stiffened in concern for a moment until he heard his mountainous friend's battle cry from behind a bush. 

Komal Re cleared his throat a bit and looked back up at Lady Celeste.

"We will figure this out. We will see you to The Haven because quite frankly, Lady Katrina scares me more than any beholder ever will, but after that, we will figure out what WE will do. There is something amiss in this world and the gods have decided that we have a role to play in it. We are the main cast! And If you are this so called Key, well, great! I love keys! Some of my favorite songs are sung in a key!"

Komal Re fought his exhaustion back and leapt unto the nearest stump. His hat and cape might not have been the cleanest it's been but he still twirled and flourished with all he had. Komal Re's hand glided over the his lute and the sun caught the silver filigree. Komal Re wondered if there will ever come a time where he would actually be too tired to bring into this world the music he always heard in his head.

The song he chose was an upbeat retelling of the legendary story of Hira and her sept as they repelled an army of umber hulks. Just one of many tall tales that probably never happened.

Komal Re didn't infuse any magic into today's song but everyone's steps did seem to be a bit lighter anyways. 

**Final verses of Hira's Stand**<br>
Glinting steel lined the green<br>
the sweet smell of morning<br>
sharpened by the tang of hulk blood<br>
<br>
Starting with one, a roar rose<br>
Triumph! Turned back by her clan<br>
Glory to Hira! Glory to the Riders!<br>

## Response from Norm
Lady Celeste smiles as Komal-Re sings his tale of Hira and her Sept.  "Very Well! Together then master bard! But wait, if memory serves, though they turned back the Umber Hulks, didn't a bunch of them die in that stand?" 😝
