---
title: KomalRe_02172023_1442
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 02/17/2023 2:42 PM
## Campaign Session 5.25 Prompt from Dan

*Meant to just be additional RPing flavor*

Komal Re collapsed against the side of the well as the adrenaline faded from his body. He checked his body again for injuries but unless those insect things were shooting tiny darts he couldn't see, he was pretty sure he was OK. A part of him nagged at him about sitting in the dirt but you know what, at the moment he just didn't have the energy to care.

He sighed as he watched Callen storm off. What was that about? Since they've met on that wagon, The half elf's been all super broody and kept to himself most of the time. Hell, he had even wanted to leave the kid behind when they were running through the tall grass. Why this sudden need to go save some kids he didn't know? Something doesn't add up. What was it about those girls he cared so much about? A smile crept slowly across Komal Re's face. Maybe it isn't the girls... maybe it's ONE of the girls!

"Why that pointy eared devil! We're running for our lives and he's finding time to shake the hay!"

He made a mental note to congratulate Callen on his priorities and got back on his feet.

"Where's that dwarf gone off to?", wondered Komal Re.

These insect things were pretty tough already. If they are going to chase them back to wherever they're taking the girls, they're going to need a lot more of what that dwarf put out. She had said that Berdusk was her priority but if they don't stick together, no one is getting to Berdusk.

"Crabbies to the Nooooorth...<br>
Buggies to the weeeeest...<br>
Farthing and the B Dusk falling to the sooooouth...", hummed Komal Re as he watched Aegir from a distance.<br>

It's not a bad beginning to a song but it definitely needs work.