---
title: KomalRe_06192023_1949
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 06/19/2024 07:49 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 10.5 Prompt from Norm
## The Three Goats Tavern

As the party takes its long rest it is determined wise to keep watch.  During your shift you spend your time checking over your gear and your instruments. A number of the citizens are awake with you as many find it difficult to sleep.  It is still daylight outside, quite a number of hours before night fall.  You take up a spot near the citizens, your gentle humming offering them some small glimmer of hope.

They speak in hushed whispers of their harrowing escape.  The terrifying creature that flew over the city and attacked the castle.  Stories of their loved ones who were caught in the floating mist left by the dragon’s breath attack.  The people caught in the mist would fall dead and rise again to attack those around them.  Whispers of the gates being swarmed by the masses, seeking a way out, only to find themselves trapped in a killing field. The common folk grow silent as the day wears on and the shock of it all sinks in.  Even with your giftedness and natural charisma, hopelessness settles in like an unwanted house guest or the stale stench of manure.  Then you get a whiff of the backroom and it does smell like the stale stench of manure.  Odd you think, maybe one of the others let one go?

You turn to search for a better smelling spot to sit and find lady Celeste standing by the front windows.  You wander over to her and notice the stillness in her form.

“My lady? Are you alright?” you ask, in a soft soothing tone.

She is not startled by your voice, but slowly turns and looks down to you.  Meeting your eyes, you see she is looking at you and also not at the same time.  A vacant expression on her face and a distant look in her eyes.

“It’s out there.  It's searching.  I can sense it.  It does not know I am here. Its attention is divided with all the people out there under its control.  I have learned to hide myself for now. It is only a matter of time.”  Celeste says in a slow monotone cadence.


## Response from Komal Re
Komal Re didn't like this at all. Not one single bit. She shouldn't be losing herself to magic. He, of all people, understood how infintely deep that hole goes.

"Lady Celeste. How much time do we have?", Komal Re asked with just a bit more assertiveness than he usually expresses.

Lady Celeste didn't seem to acknowledge his question with any physical signs. The same dead stare held for a moment and she turned back to looking through the slits of the window blinds.

"I have to... watch. It won't be long now though. I can feel it's mind feathering the edges of mine. Yes, it won't be long."


`<OOC: Norm, not sure what the timing of this is but before our rest, I was out of Bardic Inspiration actions. If my shift is later, would I have regenerated these slots since I just need a short rest for that? If I did, I would like to use one below. If I can't, then ignore the marked passage.>`
<br>

`<Only if I have a Bardic Inspiration slow to use:>`<br>
Komal Re touches Lady Celeste's elbow lightly and a surge of energy passes from Komal Re to Lady Celeste.

"Hang in there Lady C. I hope this helps."<br>
`</end marked passage>`

"Crap. crap. crap. crap." muttered Komal Re as he turned turned to find his friends. They needed to leave this town as soon as possible. Once that creature knows where Lady C is, there will be no winning this fight. They have to know the monster is close to discovering them.

What time is it? 

`<OOC from Norm: timing of the shifts is after my  first post with lady Katrina and a vague time flow as to when your shifts are.  But you guys took a long rest near noon time so we'll start yhe next session at nightfall.  You don't get your bardic inspiration back yet but we can keep your post as a bard at 6th gets their inspiration back at short rests.  We can say you are learning to grow those powers.  So you would mark one off at the start of the session.` <br>
`You all needed to rest so the soon part is relative, more like a couple days not minutes.>`