# 12/18/2022 11:23 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5 Prompt from Norm

Night falls upon the encampment, the shadows lengthen, and the breeze causes the flames of the campfire to waiver and dance.  Komal-Re sits quietly strumming his lute.  He can be heard singing a note as he strums a chord, trying to tune the instrument.
“Lalala…” twang.  “Hmm..No not quite right.” 

“May I take a seat by your fire?” asks Lady Katrina, as she sits down next to Komal-Re, not waiting for his answer.  She hands him a mug of ale, which he takes after putting down his lute.

“Thanks,” Komal-Re says as he takes a deep pull from the mug.  His throat slightly dry from all the singing he had done during the day.  The ale like a soothing balm to a burn.

“I saw you today, standing in the middle of a mass of angry villagers, hurt slaves, and monsters from the beyond.  I'm not sure what to make of you.  This little bard, with all his impertinence, at the epicenter of all that chaos.  I’m curious, why? Why put yourself in such danger?” Lady Katrina asks while staring intently at the flames of the campfire.

## Response from Komal Re
Each note that Komal Re strums floats through the air in front of him. His eyes can't see it but a part of him does. The vibration of the string looks like chaos up close but the medium that envelopes the string responds with order and pleasure. He "sees" the note float away from him in all directions. Bringing it's story to anyone who's listening.

"No. Not that one." mumbles Komal Re as he repositions himself on the pad and strums again.  To anyone else, it would sound like he just strums the same note again but to him, they're as different as night and day.  Any performer knows that the same song, no matter how expertly played or perfectly memorized, when played in front of two different audiences are at their souls, two different songs.  The same note, played from one microsecond to the next, is at their souls, different notes.  As Creation whirls through time, that same Note, changes.  That same Note can yield laughter in one moment but is just as capable as drawing the deepest sorrow the next. One Note. Infinite variations. Inifnite stories.

Komal Re smiles. What else can he do? He is the hunter. It is his prey. "I will..."

“May I take a seat by your fire?” asks Lady Katrina, as she sits down next to Komal-Re, not waiting for his answer.  She hands him a mug of ale, which he takes after putting down his lute.
A part of Komal Re's mind pulls at him. A sharp, tight, focused tug.

“Thanks,” Komal-Re says as he takes a deep pull from the mug.  His throat slightly dry from all the singing he had done during the day.  The ale like a soothing balm to a burn. The physical relief brings him back around. Focuses his mind back on the present. The tug releases ever so slightly.

“I saw you today, standing in the middle of a mass of angry villagers, hurt slaves, and monsters from the beyond.  I'm not sure what to make of you.  This little bard, with all his impertinence, at the epicenter of all that chaos.  I’m curious, why? Why put yourself in such danger?” Lady Katrina asks while staring intently at the flames of the campfire.

"You know how I know you were raised with all the entitlement your title brings? Only one like you would find impertinence in all that bloodshed and chaos. It's chaos. Impertinence is the norm."

Lady Katrina bows her head slightly and rises from the stump that her girl had brought her. "I did not mean to offend bard. I will leave you to your instrument."

Komal Re stokes the camp fire a bit as she glided away. You know what he found impertinent? That question.

"Why do any of us do what we do?" said Komal Re as he leaned back on his bedroll. Being careful to not actually touch the dirt on the ground. 

Lady Katrina stopped and turned. As annoyance and curiosity flashed acrossed her face so did satisfaction flash across his.

"Look around you. We're on the run. We are in mortal jeopardy and yet, we've managed to pick up even more refugees. What are the odds of that?"

Komal Re finishes off the ale and shifts his voice ever so slightly to be a bit more theatric. A practiced shift meant to catch the audience's ear. Seize their attention.

"There's a grand tale being told here. He's out there somewhere. Urim is. Weaving the grandest song that will ever be sung and for some reason, he's decided to let us all write our own parts. I have told hundreds, perhaps thousands of stories through my years. I've recited peoms of valor and bravery from memory over a cup of tea. In the rowdiest taverns, I've sang the tallest tales of all sorts of... conquests. There's always one thing every great story has."

Komal Re knew he had her. With all great performances, you have to set the hook and then you reel them in. 

"What would that be bard?"

"Conflict. Struggle. The friction between father and son. Daughter and mother. Love and hate. The last note of a song and the silence that follows. Since the first note Urim sang, there has been conflict in our stories. His songs created something out of nothing. Even that act was born out of the conflict between the void and what we know now. "

There it is. She needs to know. If he was to stop and dismiss her now, it would create anger. Frustration. If he finished, it would create fulfillment. Satisfaction. Storytelling is power. Komal Re has known this since he was a child. He understood that at his core. And out there somewhere, is the greatest story yet to be sung. He will find it. He has to.

"You didn't answer my original question."

"Isn't it obvious? I intend to play the grandest part in the grandest tale. The cosmos will stand and applause at my performance and Urim himself will call for an encore."

Lady Katrina hadn't even notice that Komal Re had bounced to his feet and was now in the deepest of bows.

Without a word, she turned and walked away. Concern now flashed across her face. This curious bard never mentioned which side of the conflict he was on. 

## Response from Norm
Not 20 minutes passed before Komal-Re is interrupted by a young boy carrying a brown paper wrapped parcel.  A note is attached to it.

"Pardon me sir, from the Lady" says the young boy.  He hands you the package before darting away.

You look at the messaged scrawled in a flowing and elegant hand, 

"For those notes only you can see, may it resound for the rest of us."

You unwrap the parcel to find an exceptionally crafted lute, with silver filigree of intricate arcane designs.  You hesitantly pluck a chord to find a translucent butterfly flutter for the length of the note and then vanish. Lady Katrina has given you an instrument of illusion. 
