---
title: KomalRe_02212023_1644
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 02/21/2023 04:44 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 5.5 Prompt from Norm
### Fort Vilvidan

The adventurers gather to leave the townsfolk behind in search of the kidnapped young girls.  The mayor, heeding your persuasive counsel, agreed to set out for Berdusk as soon as possible.  Agnes the healer offered her services and healed the wounds of the party.

“I want to go with you.” says Lady Celeste as she approaches you.  Dressed in simple traveling attire, a staff in hand and her gear bag slung over her shoulder, she stands there weakly.  She is gripping her staff tightly for support.  Her face is pale and her eyes have dark rings from a lack of sleep.  *(OOC: Exhaustion Level 2)*

“This is because of me, I can sense whatever it is that has taken those girls, and it was me they were after.  I can lead you to them!”

“Absolutely not!” says Lady Katrina as she makes her way over.

“You are my charge, and I cannot protect you if you are heading off into danger.  As an initiate of the Haven, I will not allow this!” says Lady Katrina, anger in her voice.

“I understand your concern Lady Katrina but I have not taken my vows yet.  This is all my fault.  Whatever is out there is after me.”

“All the more reason not to go.  I was reluctant to help these people but if the others go then they will need help making it to Berdusk.  I have to help defend them.” says lady Katrina.

“I understand Lady Katrina, and I also must go.  Please Komal-Re, I need to go with you.” 

## Response from Komal Re
The Haven? Komal Re searched his memory any mention of The Haven from Lady Katrina or Lady Celeste before.
<br>*<OOC: How much about The Haven do I know? I don't plan to react to it right now, but I want to pre-load some stuff in case I need to use it in conversation.>*

Lady Katrina notices Komal Re hesitate and makes a final plea to Lady Celeste.

"You are my responsibility."

Lady Katrina's eyes seemed to bore right down to Lady Celeste's soul. Komal Re can sense that there is much more to this than being an initiate of some order. Something bigger is at play.

Lady Celeste was clearly not well and taking her on this rescue mission would cause problems. As he parted his lips to agree with Lady Katrina, he caught a glimpse of Callen in the distance. He was prepping something with his hands. It had to be a trick of the light but it almost seemed like there were flashes of light in his hands.

"Lady Katrina, Lady Celeste might be your charge but there are innocent lives at stake here. Some of them children. He... We need Lady Celeste if we're going to bring them back. I vow to do my best to protect Lady Celeste in your stead. She will come back to you."

*<OOC: Made a Persuasion roll in D&DBeyond. 24.>*

Callen, my oldest friend here, I tried my best (and you owe me one), thought Komal Re as he walked towards the party.

But then again, the pursuit of love is really it's own reward. The thought brought a sly grin to his face.

## Response from Norm
*<OOC: Komal-Re know the basics.  They are a powerful organization made up entirely of female arcane casters.  They protect and take in women from any race and train the ones who have magical talent.  Generally seen as benevolent and helpful but also slightly terrifying.  They are seen as advisors and counselors to kings and various countries and maintain their own territory with an iron fist.  Beyond that little is known.  What their organizational structure and aims are as of yet unknown. <br><br>My notes for players: I don't want to give too much away but my original idea was that they are a sorta hybrid between the Bene Gesserit/Jedi Order.  They do have an agenda and goal to be revealed later.  Whether its nefarious or virtuous will be a matter of perspective.>*

Lady Katrina sighs at your persuasive argument and calls out to you, moving close to speak to you in hushed whispers.

"Very well Komal-Re, I place her in you and your party's care.  If anything should happen to her however, know you will face my wrath.  Do you understand me?" *(Intimidation Check, 22!)*

## Reponse from Komal Re
Komal Re isn't a coward.

At least that's what he tells himself everyday as part of his positive affirmations self-care routine.

But the weight of the question pressed on him like the heat of a dragon's breath. Komal Re has never seen a dragon up close (or really at all) but he would bet his hat that this is exactly how it feels. It was enough for him to shift his right foot back slightly. 

Lady Katrina didn't need to wait for Komal Re's response. Her eyes shifted to his foot and she knew he understood. Fully.

"Hmph. Meddlesome halfling."

She turned sharply and stalked off. Komal Re hadn't realized but he had also stopped breathing. When he thought she was far enough away to not hear, he exhaled.

Lady Celeste cracked a small smile. Lady Katrina had this effect on most men (all men). But most men (all men) needed a little guidance now and again (all the time).

"Come. Let's find your friend and rescue those girls."

"I am not a coward." thought Komal Re as he followed Lady Celeste.
