---
title: KomalRe_01042024_1745
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 01/04/2024 5:45 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 14.5 - Prompt from Norm

Forking paths and consequences.  The fate of the world or the fate of a people.  Ancient beings and creatures from another realm.  Psychic brain monsters controlling a dragon.  Who thinks up this shit!  You stand amongst the party discussing the choices before you all, Vananae freely answering everyone’s questions.

“What about Berdusk? Why is the big brain dragon digging there?” you ask Vananae.

Vananae stops a moment to think. “Time grows short, and the nights are lengthening.  Yet we still have time.”

“That doesn’t answer the question.  Is there something there that we should be worried about.  We heard stories of a pool of radiance buried beneath the city in an old Elven stronghold.  Is there truth to that?”
You ask, pressing the subject.

“There once was a elven outpost, and yes Berdusk is laid out on top of it.  But there is no pool of radiance.”

“Oh, good.  So besides the destruction of the city, there isn’t anything to worry about there.”

“I didn’t say that.  The stories of a pool of radiance are just a myth.  But what lay beneath the city is perhaps far more dangerous.  It’s the tomb of my father, Andardsil, and the piece of divinity that is Mordwen.  Both are entombed together.” says Vananae in a matter of fact tone.

“What?!? That doesn’t sound good at all!” you exclaim.

“No, it is not, but they won’t find it so easily.  I moved both to a hidden cave near Berdusk and laid beneath the city false trails, traps, and an ever shifting maze.  They are digging in the wrong place.  They may eventually realize this and go searching for it.  But I believe for now we have time, though not much.”

“And if they do find this shard?”

“Then the monsters would have what they need to free the ancient evil that is Mordwen from his imprisonment and he would once again threaten to destroy the world.  All really bad stuff.  All of these monsters are the imaginings of Mordwen and are created by and serve him.”

Vananae turns her attention to Callen for a moment, as you ponder the implications.  Celeste stands near you, looking for a moment lucid and aware of her surroundings.

“Milady, what do you think of all this?” you ask.

“Do you hear that Komal-Re?” Celeste asks in her usual far off voice.

You stop a moment, turning your attention to the environment, listening for unusual sounds or the sounds of danger.  “No, I don’t hear anything Milady.”

Celeste reaches down and touches your forehead.  And the darkened pit of this world goes technicolor.  Sights and sounds are enhanced to a painful vibrancy.  She connects you to the collective consciousness of everything around you.  From the connective forces that bind the stones together, to the unspoken connections of emotions of those around you.  To the carefree feelings of the insects and the worms that burrow in the rock.  To the particles of dust and its electric zaps of static in the air.  You see Celeste point to a massive cord stretching far off into the unknown and all the interconnected threads that entwine everything together.

She releases you from the connection.  “Do you hear it now?” She asks as she returns to her distant expression.

## Response from Komal Re
The momentary cool touch of Celeste’s finger on Komal Re’s forehead feels familiar and welcomed. Without the time to process why it felt familiar, Komal Re’s senses are suddenly turned up to 11.

The colors of his immediate surroundings seemed to shift wildly through all the spectrums of light but at the same time still remain the same. Komal Re doubles over and sees a tiny blue beetle move across the floor by his shoe. The beetle was it’s own shade of cobalt or azure but at the same time it was also sky and navy. Komal Re’s heart filled and stretched with love and joy and sadness as the shifting blue of the beetle seemed to vibrate between every shade of blue and of shades that couldn’t or shouldn’t exist. Each shade seeming to represent a different age and time as the beetle was taken through birth and death and birth again. Komal Re could feel his heart and mind beginning to snap from the overwhelming intensity of the vibrations. His mind began to sync with the blue and vibrate through every shade of himself. A familiar voice pierced through the cacophony of memories.

“Re! Focus, Re. Close all your senses except the most important one.” scolded Neta Raga as they looked on the young halfling. This one will never fulfill his potential if he doesn’t stop acting a fool, thought Neta Raga. 

“Yes, Neta. I’m trying but can’t we go sit by the river? It would be so much cooler outside.” whined Re as he looked longingly out the open door. In the distance he could hear his friends playing by the river. Their favorite game of the moment was Three Hops and a Shout. He could hear the hoots and yelps in the distance, indicating a lively match happening.

Neta Raga looked on Re as he shifted his weight back and forth. Forever fidgeting. “Patience” thought Raga. They smiled at Re and dug deep into their well of discipline. Very very deep.

“Re, remember what Racayita teaches us. An artist cannot…”

“Yah yah. An artist cannot create if they are not at one with their own self.”

Re looked out the door and sighed.

“I will try harder Neta.”

Re focused on the beetle in front of him and hummed the tune that the beetle had been trying to teach him all morning. Was this blue beetle always there? No! Focus. Although Re’s eyes and nose and tongue continued to be open and taste and smell, he left those senses behind and listened. And there in the symphony of life that is the beetle, was the tune. Re’s humming changed every so slightly and an explosion of chromatic color erupted from the beetle.

“Excellent Re! That was beautiful!”

Re beamed at Raga and dwelled in the pride that Raga felt.

Komal Re gasped as the vibrations seemed to pick up speed and the beetle vibrated with an intensity that shouldn’t be possible.

“Focus…” gasped Komal Re as he shifted through the different pitches of the vibrations. Discarding each strum as he picked through the song. The beetle stopped crawling. And did it look up at Komal Re? That couldn’t be right.

Komal Re continued to listen to each vibration until there it was. The point he needed to be in. This shift. This vibration. This strum. This shade of blue. This moment.

Celeste peered at Komal Re with curiosity as he straightened his back and seemed to take in what Celeste was trying to show him. She nodded with approval and then her features darkened. She pointed.

The surroundings they were in, gone now. All there is now were vibrations and sound. The surrounding structures were still there and yet were not. Komal Re could hear the beetle and the stone that it walked on. He could hear the song they played together.

Not far was Tim and another note. The two notes danced together with a familiarity that seemed to indicate a common love but was distant at the same time.

Celeste’s finger pointed into the distance. A massive cord of color seemed to stretch into the infinite. But this massive cord wasn’t one cord. No. It was a rainbow of all cords. A composition of life.

Komal Re could see his own strand and Tim’s join this massive cord. He could see how they were tightly played together in the past and were now part of their own song. The song played into… the future? But was shimmery and seemed to fade. Komal Re’s mind seem to haze over and become unfocused whenever he tried to hear the end of someone’s song.

An agonized vibration played to his left and Komal Re could see Callen’s cord shifting quickly between two pitches in this moment and then join together with Tim and himself in a new song and in the right pitch. But what is right? Every song is beautiful so is there ever a right song?

Aegir’s cord seemed to be the loneliest. Her cord still woven together with Komal Re’s and the party but somehow still separate. Her cord sounded like… danger? But not as much as Lance’s. Komal Re could a hear a darkness in Lance’s that was not right. Not right at all. Lance’s song was woven so tightly with another black cord that seemed to stretch from another place. A darker place. Lance’s song brought both fear and sadness to Komal Re’s heart. 

“Do you hear it now, Re?” whispered Celeste. Yes, he heard it. He heard everything. Every lesson that Neta Raga had taught him had brought him to this moment. He was both the audience of life’s most beautiful composition and was a singular note that was a part of this infinite array of notes.

But no, that wasn’t the lesson here. That was what Celeste was teaching him. Komal Re’s cord stopped vibrating for the briefest moment. There was another Note. One that shouldn’t be possible. One that should never be played. Komal Re tilted his head and stared into the distance. Is that… 

Komal Re collapses to the ground.

`<OOC>`
**First short term madness mark.** `The character experiences uncontrollable tremors or tics, which impose disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws that involve Strength or Dexterity. For the next 10 hours.`
