---
title: KomalRe_08262023_1029
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 08/26/2023 10:29 AM
## Campaign 4 Session 11.5 - Prompt from Norm
## Mayimlim's Temple

Komal-Re sets the items found in the temple before him, his ritual caster book open to the hymn of knowledge (identify spell).  The objects are ordinary looking but magic does radiate from them.  A simple glass bottle with a glass stopper, a decorative cloak with ornate embroidery, and a black silk cloth, neatly folded and rather opaque for silk.  And of course the gold coin.

You start with the bottle.  The chanting is soft and slow with this hymn. Conjuring thoughts of reflection and focus.  Minutes drift by as you eventually reach the refrain, a small bead of magic flows from you and illuminates the bottle.  You see that the bottle is connected to the endless seas and the rushing waves.  Ever flowing and ever restless, it is a decanter of endless water.

Next you turn to the cloak.  You continue the chorus, focusing on the endless loop of the chant to maintain your concentration.  You see the cloak beneath the waves giving life and speed.  It is one with the water as though the wearer was born to it.  It is a cloak of the manta ray.

Next the black silk piece of cloth.  An ever widening hole, deep and foreboding.  It is both here and not here as the cloth envelops everything within it.  It is a portable hole.

And lastly you turn to the gold coin.  The face of the king embossed upon it, given power by your simple plea.  And a plea granted.  The power flows from it as you move to the final stanza of the hymn.  The power from the coin seems to never stop, far reaching and near endless  with possibilities.  Yet with a cost.  Your eyes widen as you understand what this coin is. This coin is imbued with a one time use wish spell, but a cost is to be paid upon its use.  The details of which is lost in the haze of the spell.  Only upon using this coin would it be known and collected.

## Response from Komal Re
Komal Re falls backward from his kneeling position and audibly gasps as his mind falls into the endless well of power. His vision flashes back to that black desert and the dark sky. The grains of sand rolls across the ground in front of him. Almost dancing along to the the humming and throbbing of the memory.

The bard's mind is wracked with confusion as his vision flashes back and forth between memory and reality. He can see Aegir working on her armor and Lance poking through the rubble but he blinks and the black dunes replace them. The deep humming of the memory creating a staccato effect as his mind skips back and forth. 

"It's right there." but the bard corrects himself and tries to banish the living memory from his waking mind.

"No, WAS right there! I WAS there!" but the hum surges through his entire self and seemingly pins Komal Re to the sand.

"My gods. It's here." whispers the bard. 

From his prone position, the broken halfing reaches with his right hand. His finger tips buzzing and tingling from the raw strength of The Note. Tears run down his eyes as his mind fails to comprehend the sheer enormity of the musical composition being played. His hand inches closer and closer to what he is hearing. The beauty of the infinitely large Note being played, slowly begins to unravel his mind as his hand reaches across an endless fermata. 

The bard almost didn't feel it but the gentlest tug from behind causes him to blink in surprise. 
.
"None of this rubble is covering a directory of temples in this area!" yelled Lance. Aegir stares at the chitinous knight and her face betrays her wonderment at Lance's statement.

"You are lucky the earth is so forgiving to those like you." stated in the most deadpan way a dwarf could muster.

"Thank you, Aegir." smiled Lance proudly.

Komal Re blinked several more times and scrambled to the coin on the floor, scooping it up with his hand. Only once the coin was in his hand was he able to exhale again. He pressed the gift in his palm as hard as he could and thanked Mayimlin. Komal Re knew exactly what he was going to do with this Wish spell.