---
title: KomalRe_11032023_1524
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 11/03/2023 03:24 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 12.5 - Post from Dan
### On the road after using the Wish coin to bring back Gideon
<br>
"Thank you Halfling but I'm not sure what you want from me." and Gideon moved his gaze back towards the road ahead.

"Yah, I'm not sure what to expect either." thought Komal Re. After all, this was the first time he brought someone back to life.

Komal Re thought back to that moment he saw Gideon's lifeless body lying on the ground. Surrounded by the carnage of battle. Even the air smelled like blood.

In that moment, the throbbing of The Note returned. It seemed to call to him through Gideon's corpse. Komal Re was sure that if he looked closely enough, he would have seen Gideon's skin pulse with what he was hearing. In that moment, he was sure that he needed to bring him back.

But now.... now he wasn't so sure. The calling stopped the moment Gideon took his first breath. It was as if that connection was severed the moment life returned to Gideon.

"Maybe I made a mistake. Maybe I didn't hear The Note call to me. Maybe..."

THERE! The all encompassing throbbing. Where? Where is it coming from? Gideon? Celeste? Callen? 

Komal Re almost tripped as he swung his head back and forth. He threw his right hand forward to brace himself but he was able to get his feet under him. And with his sense of balance restored, so went the throbbing.

"Get a hold of yourself man. Hold it together," whispered Komal Re, probably a little loudly. 

`<OOC> Just some background insight into what is happening with Komal Re.`