 # 12/20/2022 3:32 PM
## Campaign 4 Session 4.5

You have been traveling all day and the events of the last few have been beyond wearing.  The caravan is short of food as someone has burgled most of the supplies and rations.  With a heavy heart you believe the only hope all the people of Myrtle have, is for you to trust in the grey lord and venture off to find sustenance.

"I'll be back everyone, I shall use my superior survival skills to find us food and water.  The grey lord will provide!" You proclaim confidently.

"Sure thing" says one of the villagers.  "Who is that guy?" asks another.  "Beats me, keeps talking about some grey skinned noble."

You wander into the woods for only a few minutes before you discover a patch of black spotted mushrooms at the base of a tree.  Your superior nature skills remember that these were perfectly safe to eat.  Your stomach growls at the thought of them.  Picking a handful, you reason that you need your strength if you are going to help the others, thus you pop one, two, maybe five mushrooms into your mouth.

The world becomes awash of colors both vibrant and intense.  The trees all around you elongate and the distant sun in the horizon enlarges to engulf the sky.  It speaks to you as an old friend with the tone of one who wants to sell you something.  In the blinding rays of the sun, you can see the form of the Grey Lord, his arms out wide, a probe in his hands.  He beckons you in a welcoming manner.

"Come now Gravybelly, come find rest with me!"

"Yes oh majestic Grey Lord!  Yes, Probe Me!" Forgetting all else, you turn towards the distant horizon and wander off into the sunset.  Behind you and around you, the woods echo your parting with a chorus of clicks and clacks.