---
title: Gravybelly_08052022_2246
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---

# 08/05/2022 10:46 PM
## Prompt from Norm

“Otel I can’t believe you did that!” Atel said as she rolled through the clouds laughing.  Otel flew up from the woods to join the mirth, his form morphing from a small gray humanoid to that of a majestic Ki-Rin.  He threw back his long silvery mane, stretching his long hooved limbs, and rotating his long neck to stretch out from his polymorphed form.

“What do you mean, it was perfect!” Otel said, laughing.  His body rumbling from the amusement.

“I can’t believe you convinced that dimwitted human to give allegiance to you in that ridiculous gray form.  Whatever possessed you to go to him disguised like that?”

“Well I’ve been watching him for a little while, strong of heart he is, but the torch ain’t all that bright if you get my meaning.  If I came to him in my normal glorious form, I’m afraid he would have fallen down dumbstruck.  I needed him to listen and accept what I was offering.”

“Still, of all the humans you could have offered the gift to, why him?”

“Aonway told me to go to him, he has a part to play, she said.”

“Really? Well I’ll be interested to see how all this plays out.  Things are going to get pretty bad down there.”

“You’re telling me, I just hope he finds the others and doesn't get lost along the way.”

“Where did you send him?” Atel asks.

“Berdusk, he’ll be needed there before too long.”

“Then let’s hope Aonway was right about him, because if they fail?”

“We’ll cross that bridge when we get there.  Now let’s go eat, I’m starving.”  Otel and Atel float off into the Upper Planes, the sun's rays cresting the mountains in the horizon.  The dawn of a new day.