# 10/06/2022 9:11 AM
## Campaign 4 Session 1.5

Sweat pours off your brow in a pale imitation of a waterfalll, your hair matted against your head as you run to keep pace with the others.  You begin to lag behind a bit and find it difficult to see with the tall grass all around you.  This group you are in are too new to coordinate their run, and some begin splitting off thinking they know the way back to town.  You're absolutely certain you know the way and veer off from the others, shouting to them to follow you.  The sounds of barking dogs growing ever louder as they seem to be gaining on the group.

"May the Gray Lord protect me!"  You shout out.

A depression in the ground catches your foot and you tumble to the ground, quickly rolling your bulk back up to a crouch.  But as you peer up you have lost the others, they did not follow your lead.  You are all alone.

Except for the pack of dogs and their riders that surround you.  Their riders are bare chested and small, no more than a couple of feet tall.  Their physique is impressive with muscles rippling over their diminutive frame.  They wear wooden masks decorated and stylized in the vein of wild animals.   You see an eagle shaped mask, a bear shaped mask, a wolf shape, and an elk shaped mask with horns.  Each rider carries a shield and spear, with small bows strapped to their backs.  While you think you could perhaps take one of these small figures, the fact that there are a dozen of them surrounding you with sharp spears pointing at you give you pause.

What do you do or say?

## Response
No need to help. I can get myself up. The Gray Lord has obviously sent me to assist you. I'm a peaceful man, no harm will come to you.

## Response from Norm
One of the riders comes up from behind you and cracks you in the back of the head.  Knocking you out flat back down into the mud.  You get the vague sense of falling, your face smashing into the mud. Your world goes dark.